<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
	</div>
</div>
<h3><strong>Available Location: Austin</strong></h3>
<h3><strong>About the Department</strong></h3>
<p>Cloudflare’s engineering teams build and maintain the systems and products that power our global platform. A global platform which is within approximately 50 milliseconds of about 95% of the Internet connected population, serving on average, over 46 million HTTP requests per second.</p>
<h3><strong>About the Team</strong></h3>
<p>Cloudflare engineering delivers multiple products and features to production at a tremendous pace, and depends on real time load balancing and long term capacity planning to do so with high performance and efficiency. The MAPS team is responsible for highly granular and large-scale resource usage instrumentation and measurement of Cloudflare's edge platform.&nbsp; The team builds and runs data pipelines, as well as systems and libraries for measuring and collecting the data, and collaborates closely across the range of teams that build and run services on Cloudflare's global edge network to ensure consistent, complete, and correct attribution of all resource usage.</p>
<p><strong>What are we looking for?</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for highly motivated software engineers to join our MAPS team.&nbsp; You’ll have a strong programming background with a deep understanding and experience developing and maintaining&nbsp; distributed systems. You’ll need to be able to communicate effectively with engineers across the company to understand the behaviours of our systems and products in order to deliver tooling to meet their testing needs. You will also work closely with product managers to support our public facing synthetic testing and load testing products for enterprise customers.</p>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Experience as a software engineer or similar role working on latency and efficiency sensitive server infrastructure.</li>
	<li>Experience working with large-scale data pipelines and processing, including use of distributed column-oriented data storage and processing such as ClickHouse, BigQuery/Dremel, etc.</li>
	<li>Strong knowledge of TCP/IP networking fundamentals and routing basics</li>
	<li>Successful track record of collaborating with many teams concurrently to achieve goals that require alignment across a range of teams and orgs.</li>
	<li>Track record of owning problems, goals, and outcomes - not (just) specific pieces of software.</li>
	<li>Track record of building long-term sustainable, maintainable systems.</li>
	<li>Ability to dive deep into technical specifics of systems and codebases, while always keeping the big picture in mind.</li>
	<li>Experience with one or more of the following programming languages: Go, Rust, C</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonuses</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Strong understanding of Linux kernel internals, especially any of: networking, scheduling, resource isolation, virtualization</li>
	<li>Experience troubleshooting and resolving performance issues in large-scale distributed systems.</li>
	<li>Experience with large scale configuration/deployment management.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>