<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Location: London, UK</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Department<br></strong>Cloudflare’s Global Professional Services organization is expanding its Professional Services&nbsp;consultancy in London to support customers adopting Cloudflare’s developer platform and application services. This team partners closely with customers and internal engineering teams to help organizations build, deploy, and optimize modern applications on Cloudflare.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role<br></strong>You will support the Professional Services (PS) team by assisting with foundational project tasks and contributing to projects that enable customers to successfully build and deploy on Cloudflare by optimising the use of AI in Professional Services internal operations. This role provides exposure to Cloudflare’s Professional Services team while working alongside project managers, project coordinators, and consultants who deliver technical solutions to customers. Through this role, you will gain hands-on experience working with Professional Services team to deliver technical solutions for global customers, gain mentorship from experienced PMO members, and real-world experience contributing to projects that support customer adoption of Cloudflare technologies.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Design, develop, and deploy AI-driven prototypes (using LLMs, RAG architectures, or predictive modeling) to automate manual workflows within the Professional Services Project and Resourcing ecosystem. Build out models to help automate future forecasting and resource planning.</li>
	<li>Partner with our engineering teams to identify, clean, and structure high-volume post-sales data for model training and fine-tuning to enable faster resourcing capabilities.</li>
	<li>Refine and optimize system prompts and model parameters to ensure high-quality, hallucination-free outputs for internal advisory tools.</li>
	<li>Act as the technical translator, taking high-level optimization ideas from GCS leadership and turning them into technical requirements and minimum viable products (MVPs).</li>
	<li>Contribute to internal knowledge bases and documentation to improve team efficiency and consistency. Create collateral to enable the team.</li>
	<li>Help document and control project workflows and deployment steps for internal teams and customers with the PMO and Resourcing functions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Skills &amp; Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Business, Project Management or a related technical field with an element of AI.</li>
	<li>Available for a full-time, 12-week internship, working from our London office 3-5 days a week during the fall (Sept-Dec).</li>
	<li>Proficiency in verbal, written, and visual communication is essential for conveying project goals and sharing progress updates.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Working seamlessly with diverse teams (e.g., developers, designers, and managers) to foster a cooperative environment and resolve internal conflicts.</li>
	<li>The ability to identify bottlenecks, analyse root causes, and propose practical solutions rather than waiting for direct instructions.</li>
	<li>Projects rarely go exactly to plan; interns must pivot gracefully when scopes change or unforeseen challenges</li>
	<li>Standing out by anticipating team needs and offering support before being asked.</li>
	<li>Leveraging networking opportunities within the organisation to learn from experienced mentors.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>