<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Locations Available: London (UK), Lisbon (Portugal),&nbsp; or Austin (US)</strong></p>
<p><strong>About Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for experienced and highly motivated engineers to join our DATA Org and help build the future of data at Cloudflare. Our organisation is responsible for the entire data lifecycle - from ingestion and processing to storage and retrieval - powering the critical logs and analytics that provide our customers with real-time visibility into the health and performance of their online properties.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our mission is to empower customers to leverage their data to drive better outcomes for their business. We build and maintain a suite of high-performance, scalable systems that handle more than a billion events in a second. As an engineer in our organisation, you will have the opportunity to work on complex distributed systems challenges across different parts of our data stack.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our Data Org is composed of several key teams, and you could contribute to any of the following areas:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Data Delivery:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> You will build and operate our distributed data delivery pipeline, a high-throughput, low-latency system (primarily written in Go) responsible for ingesting, processing, and routing massive volumes of data from across Cloudflare's global network to multi-core destination.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Analytical Database Platform:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Contribute to our core analytical platform powered by ClickHouse. This team builds and maintains a high-performance, scalable database platform optimised for the immense analytical workloads generated by our products and services.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Data Retrieval:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Be responsible for building the customer-facing products that make data accessible and actionable. This includes developing our public GraphQL API, building robust log delivery solutions and integrations with customer destinations, and contributing to our alerting products, which empower users to configure and receive near real-time alerts based on the logs and metrics observed by our data platform.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a Software Engineer in our Data Organisation depending on the team you join, you will focus on a subset of the following areas:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design, develop, and maintain scalable and reliable distributed systems across the entire data lifecycle.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build and optimise key components of our high-throughput data delivery platform to ensure data integrity and low-latency delivery.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop new and improve existing components for the Cloudflare Analytical Platform to extend functionality and performance.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Scale, monitor, and maintain the performance of our large-scale database clusters to accommodate the growing volume of data.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and enhance our customer-facing GraphQL APIs, log delivery, and alerting solutions, focusing on performance, reliability, and user experience.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work to identify and remove bottlenecks across our data platforms, from streamlining data ingestion processes to optimizing query performance.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with other teams across Cloudflare to understand their data needs and build solutions that empower them to make data-driven decisions.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with the ClickHouse open-source community to add new features and contribute to the upstream codebase.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Participate in the development of the next generation of our data platforms, including researching and evaluating new technologies and approaches.</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Key Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>3+ years of experience</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> working in software development covering distributed systems and databases.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Strong programming skills</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> (Golang is preferable), as well as a deep understanding of software development best practices and principles.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Hands-on experience with modern observability stacks</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, including Prometheus, Grafana, and a strong understanding of handling </span><strong>high-cardinality metrics</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> at scale.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Strong knowledge of SQL and database internals</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, including experience with database design, optimisation, and performance tuning.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>A solid foundation in computer science</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, including algorithms, data structures, distributed systems, and concurrency.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, with a willingness to debug, troubleshoot, and learn about complex problems at high scale.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and communicate effectively with other teams across Cloudflare.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with ClickHouse is a plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with data streaming technologies (e.g., Kafka, Flink) is a plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience developing and scaling APIs, particularly GraphQL, is a plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Infrastructure as Code tools like SALT or Terraform is a plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Linux container technologies, such as Docker and Kubernetes, is a plus.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you're passionate about building scalable and performant data platforms using cutting-edge technologies and want to work with a world-class team of engineers, then we want to hear from you! Join us in our mission to help build a better internet for everyone!</span></p>
<p>This role requires flexibility to be on-call outside of standard working hours to address technical issues as needed.</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>