<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p class="p1"><strong>About the Department</strong></p>
<p class="p1">We are a multi-facetted, full funnel B2B marketing team executing on both digital campaigns and in-person programs and events. Our main focus is to build awareness and influence revenue by partnering with sales teams to provide pipeline dollars. We deliver both digital and face-to-face interactions with prospects and customers that drive sales conversions forward.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp; </span>We are looking for a well-rounded, experienced B2B Marketer that will lead our marketing initiatives in the Japan region</p>
<p class="p1"><strong>About the Role:</strong></p>
<p class="p2">Cloudflare is looking for a strong B2B enterprise marketing lead, who is dynamic, creative, and analytical. The individual has a track record of delivering smashing programs that generate new prospects and grow the marketing revenue pipeline. This person will be dedicated to growing our businesses in Japan so a deep understanding and experience in driving the marketing generated pipeline in these markets are crucial.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p class="p3">You will drive a various In-person/virtual event strategy and end to end execution. You will conceive, launch, and lead a series of digital campaigns that span a variety of online channels – Pay-per-click (PPC), email, webinar, social, content syndication, to name a few. You have a natural inclination to measure the effectiveness of marketing activities, strong project management skills, and the ability to think strategically and orchestrate many moving parts. You must have full working knowledge and expertise of the demand generation marketing funnel and lead flows. <span class="s1">The right candidate will have the ability to work cross-functionally with all teams in-region and in headquarters in San Francisco, with the goal of localising and amplifying the global campaigns and events to drive demand and generate leads. </span>This is a Country Marketing Lead for Japan hence deep understanding and experience in the Japan market will be required. The role is based in Tokyo.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p class="p1"><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul class="ul1">
	<li class="li4">Reporting into the Head of Marketing, APJC based in Singapore</li>
	<li class="li5">As the Japan country marketing lead, you will be responsible for both online and offline marketing strategies and tactics to cover both Mid Market and Enterprise segments.</li>
	<li class="li5">You will take functional guidance from Japan's country manager and be a member of the Japan Leadership team to contribute to short, mid, long term business growth for Japan Market.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li class="li4">Work in cross-functional teams and collaborate closely with global demand generation, product marketing, sales, marketing operations, sales ops and many others in the development, execution and measurement of marketing initiatives</li>
	<li class="li4">Work with a global branding team to develop and execute branding strategy to ensure market awareness and visibility.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li class="li4">Align the marketing activities to support the sales goals for leads and opportunities</li>
	<li class="li4">Measure campaign impact through SFDC reporting, evaluate campaign ROI, and present recommendations for improvement</li>
	<li class="li4">Plan, promote, and host field marketing events (trade shows, conferences, executive dinners, and workshops) across Japan</li>
	<li class="li5">You will be responsible for the design, production, execution, and optimization of online marketing campaigns across multiple channels (e.g. SEM, organic/SEO, retargeting, email, webinars, etc.)</li>
	<li class="li5">Work with cross-functional team members (Design, Sales, Marketing, Finance, Product) to orchestrate high-impact integrated marketing campaigns.</li>
	<li class="li5">Work with the global marketing teams to optimise and localise global campaigns to ensure market relevancy.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li class="li5">Ongoing project management of campaign execution across Marketo, Bizible, and Salesforce, including data hygiene. Manage campaigns timeline, ROI, and data-driven improvements through optimization.</li>
	<li class="li6">Communicate campaign results to key stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<p class="p1"><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul class="ul1">
	<li class="li4">Native in Japanese is a must. Fluency in spoken and written English would be mandatory.</li>
	<li class="li4">7-10 years proven experience in B2B marketing (enterprise software, SaaS, regional marketing and/or information security experience a plus)</li>
	<li class="li5">BA/BS in Marketing, Business, Economics, or other quantitative field</li>
	<li class="li5">On the digital side, you will be responsible for the design, production, execution, and optimization of online marketing campaigns across multiple channels.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li class="li5">This person must be highly experienced in utilising platforms such as Line, Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Japanese marketing platforms and previous experience in running search engine campaigns using platforms like Google and Yahoo! Japan is mandatory.</li>
	<li class="li4"><span class="s2">In addition, </span>you must have experience creating strategy, planning, budgeting and managing trade shows, events, and conferences from start to finish</li>
	<li class="li5">Have proven track<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp; </span>record of launching successful online and offline marketing campaigns and driving qualified leads in the funnel</li>
	<li class="li4">Strong project management/organisational skills and the ability to successfully manage multiple initiatives at once</li>
	<li class="li4">Strong interpersonal skills, collaborative, and the ability to coordinate across multiple departments in different time zones</li>
	<li class="li4">Results oriented with experience using qualitative and quantitative metrics with a focus on revenue, conversion, sales and other marketing goals</li>
	<li class="li5">Analytically inclined, exceptional organisational skills, with rigorous attention to detail</li>
	<li class="li5">Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced and ever-changing environment with tight deadlines</li>
	<li class="li5">Having a strong sense of curiosity and passion for learning</li>
	<li class="li5">Exhibit strong<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp; </span>stakeholders’ management and communication skills</li>
	<li class="li5">Hands-on experience with Salesforce, Marketo, and Google Analytics, will be an advantage.</li>
	<li class="li5">Previous experience in a high growth company in the SaaS, security, or network space, combined with knowledge of how the Internet works is a plus</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-NT2</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>