<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong><em>Available locations:&nbsp; Lisbon or London</em></strong></h4>
<h4><strong><em>About the Department</em></strong></h4>
<p><em>Cloudflare’s Engineering Team builds and runs the software that handles large amounts of requests on the Internet today. We also build and run the internal tools and platforms that run that software. Individual engineering teams are typically responsible for large areas with considerable impact, and able to execute autonomously within that space to deliver value to their customers - be they internal or external.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>Many of Cloudflare’s critical internal services run on Kubernetes. These services include those responsible for Cloudflare’s control plane and APIs, data analytics and other internal tools used to manage our global network. These Kubernetes platforms are purpose-built from the ground up and run on bare metal Linux in different regions around the world. The scale we work at involves tens of thousands of containers and terabits per second of network traffic. The team takes pride in knowing this platform helps run parts of the global Internet.</em></p>
<p><strong><em>About the team and the role</em></strong></p>
<p><em>The Developer Tools organization delivers a fast, reliable, and secure developer experience by removing workflow friction and providing resilient infrastructure that our internal teams can trust at every stage of the software lifecycle. We build self-service, resilient, scalable platforms and tools using a combination of Open Source projects, intellectual property, and internal infrastructure. These tools and platforms are used by 100s of developers at Cloudflare to code, build, test, and deploy their software.</em></p>
<p><em>The Developer Productivity team empowers engineers to deliver high-quality software faster via golden path workflows, flexible but powerful tools, living standards, and intelligent automation. The role includes both software engineering and DevOps operational responsibilities. The ideal candidate will care deeply about providing other engineers with an excellent development experience, and have a deep understanding of what engineers care about, how they accomplish their day-to-day work, and what world-class developer tooling looks like.&nbsp;</em></p>
<h4><strong><em>What you'll do</em></strong></h4>
<p><em>Embed with teams to improve their developer workflows by better usage and configurations of our tools, while implementing new features and improvements based on internal engineering feedback</em><em>Design and build scalable and resilient systems that can keep up with company growth</em><em>Design, build, and operate developer productivity tooling across coding, building, managing, testing, and deploying software</em><em>Harden the platform against security threats, bugs and other operational issues</em><em>Improve the efficiency of managing resources such as CPU, bandwidth and storage</em><em>Work with product teams to understand their challenges and help them choose the best way to architect their systems</em><em>Drive initiatives that make our engineers happier and more productive.</em><em>Help respond and prevent incidents impacting developer tools platforms</em></p>
<h3><strong><em>Desirable skills, knowledge and experience</em></strong></h3>
<p><em>Ability to work with codebases in TypeScript and Go</em><em>Excellent debugging skills in a Linux environment</em><em>Source control experience including branching, merging and rebasing</em><em>Experience managing and deploying onto production Kubernetes or similar orchestration platforms</em><em>The ability to break down complex problems into smaller pieces, provide options, talk through trade-offs and drive the effort to solve the problem</em></p>
<h3><strong><em>Bonus Points</em></strong></h3>
<p><em>Worked in a platform engineering team/ engineering productivity team in the past.</em><em>Expertise in building and maintaining systems for specific developer tooling domains like build systems, CI/CD pipelines, source control, or automation tools.</em><em>Experience operating Kubernetes on-premise at scale in capacities including SRE, systems design or architecture</em><em>Experience building tools on top of LLMs, including MCP servers, RAG pipelines, or agentic workflows.</em></p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>