<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is looking for an Evangelist with expertise in cloud-native software, who possesses a passion for helping people and communities connect to our platform. The ideal candidate will enjoy educating and influencing broad audiences about new technologies and their benefits; will deliver outstanding content, technical expertise and support in a variety of formats. The candidate will work closely with our most critical clients and prospects to articulate the Cloudflare Global Platform message, drive deeper technical engagement and market adoption. Enhancing Cloudflare’s brand through evangelist efforts. This position will partner closely with our Engineering, Product, and go to market teams to drive the impact of our security and performance platform.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are seeking a highly-skilled Evangelist with a storied history in the technological sector. Reporting to the Regional Vice President, this role is a regional leadership role that will be responsible for delivering against corporate objectives and meeting the growth targets for the business. You will act as both a technology and business expert, making decisions that will impact the current and future operations of the company. The role will be a public facing persona representing the organisation at a regional or global level at conferences, media engagements, analyst conferences and key industry events.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<ul>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work directly with customers and prospects to deliver executive level demonstrations, and partner with strategic sales to implement concepts and solutions within customer environments. Evangelise our technology platform relative to the status quo.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and implement a technology-informed go to market&nbsp; strategy for the region, ensuring it integrates with the overall business’s strategic roadmap.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Define and simplify the Cloudflare offering to key market segments and deliver key messaging to the market.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build an awareness of key market conditions and the competitive landscape.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with International Leadership peers on key company initiatives.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Help introduce new innovation to the Market through Social Media Networks (Twitter, Hacker News, etc.), Blogs and Analyst Briefings.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead, motivate, mentor, and develop the technical selling&nbsp; teams, instilling a high performing culture.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Driving and contributing to key business activities including: Business Reviews, Pipeline generation and Assist with Deal Closure.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Engage with strategic accounts by building strong relationships with the Executive Branch of customers and help drive product adoption.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with Cloudflare global leaders to help define company regional priorities to best deliver company success.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work within the Cloudflare Regional Leadership team to formulate tactical and long-term strategic plans to increase technology awareness, drive market development and contribute to company growth targets.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be willing to work remotely as required and travel regularly (at least 30%) to engage with customers.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be the regional technical voice working with solution engineering to evolve product evolution to meet the needs of the apjc market &amp; customer segments</span></em></li>
	</ul>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></span></p>
<ul>
	<ul>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">10-15+ years experience within the IT, Cyber Security or Telecommunications industry,&nbsp; With a minimum of three years experience in a similar position.</span></li>
	</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>
		<ul>
			<li style="font-weight: 400;"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own CXO level relationships both at the business and technical level and have strong existing executive customer, partner and industry associations relationships that can be leveraged.</span></em></li>
		</ul>
	</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>
		<ul>
			<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Desirable background in a technology start-up organisation and leading to significant business growth or acquisition.</span></li>
			<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Have solid experience in shaping and translating a technology-enabled vision into delivery of successful business outcomes and led a company through key digital transitions.</span></li>
			<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Have a strong understanding and experience in managing cloud-based models including Saas, Paas and Iaas and worked with customers through digital and cloud transformation.</span></li>
			<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Has experience in working with Web-Scale organisations or Large Service Providers.</span></li>
			<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Has a strong background in Cyber Security, Security Operations and IT Risk Governance.</span></li>
			<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Has experience in speaking at public forums and presenting at key industry events.</span></li>
			<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven track record in building and managing high performing technical teams.</span></li>
			<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Highly skilled communicator and influencer with the ability to reflect and question positively and effectively.</span></li>
			<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Advanced technological skillset and a demonstrated history with technology.</span></li>
			<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extensive industry knowledge with an eye towards the future.</span></li>
			<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to forge and sustain effective partnerships internally and externally.</span></li>
			<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to articulate a clear vision for change and manage the process whilst supporting people.</span></li>
		</ul>
	</li>
</ul>
<div data-slate-object="block" data-key="484"><strong>Details</strong></div>
<div data-slate-object="block" data-key="485"><span data-slate-object="text" data-key="486">Term of employment - </span><span data-slate-object="text" data-key="487">Indefinite</span></div>
<div data-slate-object="block" data-key="491"><span data-slate-object="text" data-key="489">Probation period -</span><span data-slate-object="text" data-key="490">&nbsp; 6 months</span></div>
<div data-slate-object="block" data-key="493"><span data-slate-object="text" data-key="492">Place of employment -WeWork Marunouchi Kitaguchi (Suite 07-121) Building 9F, 1-6-5 MarunouchiChiyoda City, Tokyo 100-0005, Japan</span></div>
<div data-slate-object="block" data-key="496"><span data-slate-object="text" data-key="494">Working hours -&nbsp;</span><span data-slate-object="text" data-key="495">9am to 6pm</span></div>
<div data-slate-object="block" data-key="499"><span data-slate-object="text" data-key="497">Rest period -</span><span data-slate-object="text" data-key="498">&nbsp;Noon to 1pm</span></div>
<div data-slate-object="block" data-key="502"><span data-slate-object="text" data-key="500">Holidays -&nbsp;</span><span data-slate-object="text" data-key="501">Saturday, Sunday and National Holidays</span></div>
<div data-slate-object="block" data-key="505" data-slate-fragment="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"><span data-slate-object="text" data-key="503">Overtime -</span><span data-slate-object="text" data-key="504">&nbsp;Overtime work may be required</span></div>
<p>#LI-NT2</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>