<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4>About the department</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s business requires a world class legal team to help the company deal with complex matters by anticipating complications and distractions, and guiding the company around those obstacles. We’re looking for a new team member who can help foster our unique corporate philosophy and approach, in which the security and privacy of our customers are paramount. This role is ideal for someone who is a proactive self-starter and strategic thinker, who has a thirst for knowledge and continued growth, all while working as part of a great team.</span></p>
<h4>What you'll do</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for an exceptionally talented, energetic and friendly program manager to join our legal team as a Senior Managing Counsel, Public Sector Compliance based in Washington DC. You will play a key role executing the day-to-day nuts and bolts of our public sector compliance, including Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS), and other applicable U.S. federal, state and local government laws, regulations and agency rules, as well as international government contracting laws and agency requirements. The perfect candidate is passionate about compliance and can channel that passion into solving complex problems and novel legal issues in a fast-paced environment. As part of the job, you will:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design, implement and manage a comprehensive public sector compliance program, including compliance with Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS), and other applicable U.S. federal, state and local government laws, regulations and agency rules, as well as international government contracting laws and agency requirements. Both build the program and do the work.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with cross-functional legal teams, public sector sales, sales operations, and our security team to build compliance controls and procedures for public sector sales</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support contract review, requests for proposals (RFPs) and negotiations for public sector customer deals, including flow down requirements for our vendors and other third parties.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and implement training for Cloudflare employees to meet public sector training requirements.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop specific company policies and edit current company policies to ensure public sector compliance, including rules on government participation in events, government gift rules, etc.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Implement controls necessary to support new public sector compliance policies.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Conduct audits to ensure public sector compliance and make corrective actions as needed.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage and build out the Public Sector Compliance team.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with other members of the Cloudflare’s Legal team as it relates to developing and managing training, policies, processes and controls for public sector compliance.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with our sales, channel partners, service providers, and systems integrator community to proactively ensure compliance on federal, state, and local on opportunity capture and program delivery.&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The above list is representative and additional responsibilities may be assigned, as required by the need for the compliance program to support Cloudflare’s Legal team with agility in a dynamic environment.</span></p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">6+ years of experience with US Federal government contracting; state and local government contracting a plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with an in-house legal department preferred; experience at a tech company, especially as part of a compliance team, is a huge plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience as a people manager preferred.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience working with sales and industry partners on opportunity capture is preferred.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Detail oriented, well organized and technically-adept.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent written and oral communication skills.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong interpersonal skills and experience in working cross-functionally with a variety of teams, with lawyers and non-lawyers, including engineering teams, sales teams, and product teams, to establish effective solutions efficiently and in an amenable manner.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">The ability to manage multiple matters / projects for multiple teams.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Self-starter with the ability to learn in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision (start-up mentality).</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An ambitious mindset that enables you to successfully work independently with little guidance, but also to use good judgment and call out issues when needed.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>