<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h3 id="MachineLearningEngineer-AbouttheTeam"><strong>Available Locations: </strong><strong>London, UK</strong></h3>
<p><strong>About the Team</strong></p>
<p>Cloudforce One is Cloudflare’s threat operations and research team, responsible for identifying and disrupting cyber threats ranging from sophisticated cyber criminal activity to nation-state sponsored advanced persistent threats (APTs).&nbsp; Cloudforce One works in close partnership with external organizations and internal Cloudflare teams, continuously developing operational tradecraft and expanding ever-growing sources of threat intelligence to enable expedited threat hunting and remediation.&nbsp; Members of Cloudforce One are at the helm of leveraging an incredibly vast and varied set of data points that only one of the world’s largest global networks can provide.&nbsp; The team is able to analyze these unique data points, at massive scale and efficiency, synthesizing findings into actionable threat intelligence to better protect our customers.&nbsp;The team's core disciplines are data engineering, data science, devops, and security. We use data science and machine learning to process large volumes of data and build threat intelligence for Cloudflare's customers</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>We're looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to join our team and lead the charge in applying cutting-edge machine learning to cyber threat intelligence. In this highly impactful, hands-on role, you'll design, develop, and deploy scalable machine learning models that leverage massive datasets from our global network to identify and neutralize sophisticated cyber threats. Your expertise will directly enhance our Cloudforce One offering, providing critical, real-time insights and unparalleled protection to our customers. If you're driven to solve complex cybersecurity challenges at an unprecedented scale, we want you on our team.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">The candidate should have strong foundational machine learning knowledge. Day to day responsibilities include:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li>Collaborate with other Data Scientists and Machine Learning Engineers to integrate and deploy scalable Machine Learning models</li>
	<li>Collaborate with analysts to understand new email attack techniques then design and deploy models to detect these techniques</li>
	<li>Implement Machine Learning models in production systems and monitor their performance in real-time.</li>
	<li>Continuously improve the performance and scalability of existing Machine Learning models.</li>
	<li>Identify, diagnose and resolve issues in production environments</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Thorough understanding of machine learning concepts such as what types of models perform best again what types of data</li>
	<li>Desire to see a project through all the way from model creation, training, productionalized deployment, through automated retraining from feedback</li>
	<li>Demonstrated ability to deliver and listen to feedback.</li>
	<li>Proven ability to deliver performance (what) with the right behaviors (how)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<p>These are things which the role is likely to require; we’re happy to help you learn on the job, but prior experience is beneficial</p>
<ul>
	<li>Experience with deploying Deep Learning models in production systems</li>
	<li>Experience with development and deployment of Natural Language Processing (NLP) applications</li>
	<li>Wide machine learning knowledge from linear regression through LLMs</li>
	<li>A basic understanding of the cyber threat landscape&nbsp;and&nbsp;technical Indicators of Compromise (IOCs)</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>