<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About The Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our core mission for Cloudflare Workers is to enable developers to do what they do best —&nbsp;build powerful applications, without having to think or worry about infrastructure, scaling, or performance. While running code at the edge enables us to handle the infrastructure part, there’s so much more that goes into enabling developers to do their jobs. We want to build a platform that’s accessible to as many developers as possible, easy to use, and importantly, is fun and delightful to use! Developer experience plays a critical role in the success of our platform and our developers.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In this role, you will put yourself in the shoes of a developer to understand what pains exist in the experience today, and how we can smooth and alleviate them. You will obsess about removing friction, and anticipating developer needs, from sign up, through authoring code, to debugging and observing it.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Guide the development of product strategy and roadmap for the Developer Experience team</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead projects from ideation through launch, and continuing through ongoing maintenance and support</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with our developer community to understand current developer experience pain points</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and nurture relationships with engineering and coordinate closely to ensure successful delivery of product</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with other departments such as Product Marketing, Marketing, Community &amp; developer advocacy, Sales, and Customer Support to drive adoption with and gather feedback from customers and prospects</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ruthlessly prioritize across a complex environment of diverse customers, stakeholders and objectives</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build the external and internal relationships required to realize execution in new markets</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Represent the company externally as needed, including meetings with customers and prospects</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Delve into market research to drive new investments opportunities</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><strong>Examples Of Desirable Skills, Knowledge And Experience</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The ideal candidate is entrepreneurial-minded and thrives in a fast-paced and goal-driven environment. You have outstanding communication and collaboration skills and are able to work with a diverse group, get alignment, and drive the product forward. You are execution focused and emphasize getting things done while paying attention to important details.&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">BS/MS in a technology field.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Professional product management experience, preferably on a developer product</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven track record of shipping products from ideation to launch</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to articulate a vision and strategy in a way that inspires and motivates a team and focuses their energy on achieving business goals</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong technical abilities. You are intimately familiar with modern software development practices used to build and deploy applications. You are capable of wading into the details &amp; understanding engineering decisions’ impact on the product, but can also drive 30k foot view</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience building great user, and especially developer experiences; drives elegant, simple interactions</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience using developer tools (such as source-control management tools, CLIs, etc), and empathy for developers and challenges they face today</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong customer and stakeholder empathy. You must be not only the voice of the customer, but at various times the voice of marketing, finance, engineering, support and ops. You must be able to channel many points of view.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Some scripting/programming experience (Javascript, Rust, Go, etc.) and/or experience with query languages.</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>