<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is redefining how enterprise IT works, establishing its own category, growing a billion dollar business +40% annually and our regional marketing teams are at the forefront of this growth. Our Asia Pacific Marketing team is hiring and we’re looking for senior leaders who are growth-obsessed problem solvers, data-informed decision makers, fearless innovators and relentless builders. We’re on a mission to Help Build a Better Internet, and demonstrate the massive benefits that has for customers and partners alike. Our connectivity cloud brings together cybersecurity, networking, application and developer platforms to deliver greater outcomes for customers in all industries and segments.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Right now we’re looking for an experienced, enthusiastic &amp; highly motivated Senior Partner Marketing Manager to lead Cloudflare’s partner strategy and execution across Asia Pacific, Japan, and China. You will be laser focused on growing partner revenue, building a partner community and integrating partner marketing into the overall regional strategic growth initiatives. You have a passion for working with partners, are obsessed with data as a basis for planning and optimizing; you are detail oriented and very familiar with the cybersecurity marketplace.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Here’s what you will do:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Build and own the execution of the overall Channel Marketing Strategy for APJC with a goal to build partner sourced pipeline, partner thought leadership and community and increase channel revenue&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Manage the Channel MDF program for APJC. This includes MDF in alignment with the Sales and Channel Strategy, owner of the end to end partner submission process, reporting and review of ROI on MDF usage</li>
	<li>Work with your global marketing counterparts to localise marketing content for channel consumption and/or channel co-sell or co-branding. This may include digital campaigns through to partner program and plays that support building partner sourced pipeline&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Own the measurement of campaign impact through SFDC reporting, evaluate event/campaign ROI, and present on recommendations for improvement</li>
	<li>Own the development and execution of local channel incentive programs that build pipeline, channel engagement and community</li>
	<li>Own channel partner marketing relationships, building rapport and trust across a select group of focused partners.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Where required provide onsite event staff/support where there are no channel marketing resources available</li>
	<li>Key stakeholders to collaborate with include (but not limited to) Cloudflare Partners, GEO Head of Channels, Global Partner Program team, Global Partner Marketing and Channel Account Managers</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Experience working with channel partners in a marketing or program management capacity</li>
	<li>Familiar with different types of partners and routes to market</li>
	<li>Self-motivated, able to work autonomously and communicate effectively.</li>
	<li>Project management/organizational skills and the ability to successfully manage multiple initiatives at once</li>
	<li>Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to coordinate across multiple departments</li>
	<li>Results oriented with experience using qualitative and quantitative metrics with a focus on revenue,conversion, sales and other marketing goals</li>
	<li>Experience with an enterprise software, SaaS or security company</li>
	<li>Salesforce &amp; Marketo experience</li>
	<li>Ability to travel</li>
	<li>Familiarity with digital campaigns is a plus</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>