<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>About the Department</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Customer Support Team solves complicated problems and answers technical inquiries via phone, email, chat, and social media. Whether it is a Wordpress blogger using our services for free or a global Enterprise business with petabytes of web traffic, our team is always eager to assist. We are the eyes and ears of Cloudflare, acting as the real-time voice of the customer to help communicate their needs and real-world use cases back to the rest of the company - to help build a better service and future product development.</span></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll do</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Do you love solving customer problems and interacting with people? Are you passionate about helping customers and are a standout colleague? Cloudflare is seeking a Technical Support Agent to join our team. You will be the first point of contact and work with our customers on a variety of interesting questions, as well as billing and support issues. This is a position where you will learn the inner workings of Cloudflare's technology and gain a deeper understanding of internet technologies.</span></p>
<p><strong>Required Skills, Knowledge &amp; Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Previous Customer Service experience</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Minimum 1 year of experience with customer billing and invoicing preferred</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work on high-volume, repetitive tasks while maintaining high customer satisfaction</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong attention to detail and able to work under pressure</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Flexibility to work holidays, weekends, more than 5 days in a row, overtime on rotation</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work on-site in our office as well as remote</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Language skills - good English essential, other languages advantageous (eg. French, German, Spanish, Portuguese, Mandarin)&nbsp; &nbsp; </span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Comfortable using and navigating modern operating systems such as Mac OSX, Windows or Linux</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You enjoy solving problems and feel a sense of pride whenever you are able to solve a customer issue</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are comfortable communicating in writing and always put the customer first</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are excited to learn how the internet works</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are a motivated self starter and always looking to expand your existing skill set</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You enjoy working individually and as part of a team</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are interested in developing a career in technical support&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have previous experience working as part of a high-volume team in a customer-facing role</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>