<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Locations Available: London (UK), Lisbon (Portugal), Austin (US), Denver (US), Atlanta (US)</strong></p>
<p><strong>About Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are actively seeking experienced and highly motivated Distributed Systems Engineers to join Cloudflare’s dynamic DATA Organisation. This is a pivotal opportunity to contribute to the future of data at Cloudflare, working on systems that are fundamental to our global operations and customer insights. Our organisation is responsible for the entire data lifecycle, encompassing everything from initial ingestion and sophisticated processing to robust storage and efficient retrieval. These systems are the backbone that power critical logs and analytics, providing our customers with real-time, actionable visibility into the health, performance, and security of their online properties.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our overarching mission is to empower customers to leverage their data effectively, enabling them to drive superior outcomes for their businesses. To achieve this, we design, build, and maintain a suite of high-performance, massively scalable distributed systems that are engineered to handle an unprecedented scale – processing well over a billion events per second. As an engineer within our organisation, you will be presented with unique challenges across various critical parts of our intricate data stack. This role offers the chance to work on cutting-edge technologies and contribute to solutions that operate at the very edge of internet infrastructure.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our Data Organisation is strategically composed of several key teams, each focusing on a distinct aspect of our comprehensive data platform:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Data Delivery / Data Pipeline: </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">This team is responsible for the design, development, and operation of our distributed data delivery pipeline. This system is a high-throughput, low-latency powerhouse, primarily written in Go, and is tasked with ingesting, processing, and intelligently routing massive volumes of data originating from across Cloudflare’s vast global network to multiple core destinations. This involves handling diverse data types and ensuring reliable, timely delivery to various downstream systems.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Analytical Database Platform: </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">Engineers on this team contribute to and evolve our core analytical platform, which is powered by ClickHouse. This team is dedicated to building and maintaining a high-performance, scalable database platform meticulously optimised for the immense analytical workloads generated by all of Cloudflare’s products and services. This includes ensuring data integrity, query optimisation, and continuous platform scalability to meet ever-growing demands.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Data Delivery (Customer-Facing Products): </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">This department is focused on building and continuously improving our customer-facing products, making data not only accessible but also genuinely actionable for our users. This department comprises two main groups:</span></li>
	<ul>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Analytics and Alerts: </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">Members of this group are at the forefront of developing our public APIs such as GraphQL API, providing customers with flexible and powerful access to their data. They also make significant contributions to our alerting products, empowering users to configure and receive near real-time alerts based on the critical logs and metrics observed by our robust data platform. This includes designing intuitive alerting mechanisms and ensuring the reliability of notification systems.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Logs and Audit Logs: </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">This specialised team is dedicated to building a robust and easy-to-use logging platform that powers reliable data delivery and seamless integrations with customer destinations. The team’s mission is to make it simple for customers to access, manage, and use their log data — ensuring that critical datasets, including comprehensive audit logs, are delivered securely and efficiently to their preferred storage and analysis platforms. The work spans developing intuitive connectors, ensuring data integrity, optimising delivery pipelines, and upholding strict standards for compliance, performance, and usability.</span></li>
	</ul>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This particular role is focused on the Logs and Audit Logs group. As a Software Engineer you will focus on the following areas:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Design, build, and operate a robust logging platform</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, ensuring reliable logging, and secure data transfer to a wide array of customer destinations and third-party integrations.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Develop and maintain high-performance data connectors</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and integrations for our log-shipping products, focusing on usability, scalability and data integrity.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Create and manage systems for handling comprehensive audit logs</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, ensuring they are delivered securely and adhere to strict compliance and performance standards.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Scale and optimise the data delivery pipeline</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to handle massive data volumes with low latency, identifying and removing bottlenecks in data processing and routing.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Work closely with Product and other engineering teams</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to define requirements for a new logging platform and integrations.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Maintain the operational health of our log delivery platform</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> through comprehensive monitoring and participation in an on-call rotation (with flexibility for out-of-hours technical issue resolution).</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Collaborate on the architectural evolution</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> of our data egress platform, researching and implementing new technologies to improve efficiency and reliability.</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Key Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>3+ years of experience</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> working in software development covering distributed systems and data pipelines.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Strong programming skills (Go is preferable)</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, with a deep understanding of software development best practices for building resilient, high-throughput systems.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Hands-on experience with modern observability stacks, including </span><strong>Prometheus, Grafana</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, and a strong understanding of handling high-cardinality metrics at scale.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong knowledge of </span><strong>SQL</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, including experience with query optimisation.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A solid foundation in computer science, including </span><strong>algorithms, data structures, distributed systems, and concurrency</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a willingness to debug, troubleshoot, and learn about complex problems at high scale.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and communicate effectively with other teams across Cloudflare.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with </span><strong>data streaming technologies (e.g., Kafka, Flink)</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> is a strong plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with various logging platforms or SIEMs (e.g., Splunk, Datadog, Sumo Logic) and storage destinations (e.g., S3, R2, GCS) is a plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with </span><strong>Infrastructure as Code tools like SALT or Terraform</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> is a plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Linux container technologies, such as </span><strong>Docker and Kubernetes</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, is a plus.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you're passionate about building scalable and performant data platforms using cutting-edge technologies and want to work with a world-class team of engineers, then we want to hear from you! Join us in our mission to help build a better internet for everyone!</span></p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>