<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Austin, NYC, Lisbon or London</strong></p>
<p><strong>About The Role</strong></p>
<p>You’ll be responsible for shaping the future of privacy infrastructure, partnerships, and integrations as part of Cloudflare’s Privacy Edge – a suite of tools that make it easy for site owners and developers to build privacy into their products, by default.</p>
<p>A key part of this role is strategizing how we can use emerging cryptography and privacy technology to build data and analytics products that provide businesses with value without collecting sensitive data or tracking individual users. This involves building partnerships with small nonprofits to some of the largest tech companies.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In the past few years, some of our greatest hits include: partnerships with <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/icloud-private-relay/">Apple</a> and <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-now-powering-microsoft-edge-secure-network">Microsoft</a> to improve network-level privacy in some of the biggest consumer browsers, a&nbsp; <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/privacy-edge-making-building-privacy-first-apps-easier/">privacy-preserving measurement and analytics</a> systems for federated machine learning, and a collaboration with <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-verifies-code-whatsapp-web-serves-users/">Whatsapp</a> to verify the authenticity of code served in their browser application. All of our work is&nbsp; built on open Internet standards like <a href="https://ietf-wg-ohai.github.io/oblivious-http/draft-ietf-ohai-ohttp.html">Oblivious HTTP</a>, <a href="https://datatracker.ietf.org/wg/masque/about/">MASQUE</a>, and <a href="https://datatracker.ietf.org/wg/keytrans/about/">Key Transparency</a>; all in service of a Better Internet.</p>
<p>We expect you to participate and drive the cutting edge of growing industry trends in this space: the deprecation of third party cookies, and GDPR, for example. A key part of this role is identifying (and shipping) new products that use Cloudflare’s privacy infrastructure and role as a trusted third party to push forward a more private Internet.</p>
<p><strong>The Team</strong></p>
<p>Here at Cloudflare, privacy is core to what we do. This includes giving users more control over their data, working with browser and operating system vendors to reduce cross-site tracking, and/or building first-party, privacy-focused products for customers ourselves, we’re increasingly working to improve the default state of privacy and security on the web.</p>
<p><br>Over the past few years, the Privacy team has grown from working on privacy proxying projects to a full-fledged suite of Privacy products that are setting the standard for the current state of privacy on the Internet. On the job, you'll collaborate with engineers, our research team, special projects, and even our policy team to see products through from idea to launch.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Drive the strategy, roadmap &amp; represent your products across the organization</li>
	<li>Develop a deep understanding of external partners and customers’ needs in order to represent requirements to engineering, and facilitate ongoing customer support</li>
	<li>Grow tight-knit relationship with the engineering team to set customer expectations and deliver products and features in a timely manner</li>
	<li>Manage relationships and facilitate trust with external partners in order to grow collaboration and product usage&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Ruthlessly prioritize across a complex environment of diverse customers, stakeholders and objectives</li>
	<li>Be continuously learning about changing privacy landscape, emerging technology, and potential new business areas</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples Of Desirable Skills, Knowledge And Experience</strong></p>
<p>The ideal candidate is entrepreneurial-minded and thrives in a fast-paced and goal-driven environment.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You have outstanding communication and collaboration skills and are able to work with a diverse group, get alignment, and drive the product forward. You are execution focused and emphasize getting things done while paying attention to important details.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
	<li>Proven track record of shipping products from ideation to launch.</li>
	<li>Experience distilling complex technical topics into easily understood written requirements for cross-functional stakeholders.</li>
	<li>Understanding and passion for privacy on the Internet, and the ability to empathize with how it affects end-users.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Strong technical abilities and eagerness to learn on the job. You are familiar with modern software development practices and basic engineering concepts, and can understand the impact of technical and architectural decisions</li>
	<li>Ability to represent Cloudflare externally and collaborate with some of the biggest tech companies.</li>
	<li>Experience reading data and product metrics and using that to inform product decisions.</li>
	<li>Professional product management experience (2 - 5 years) <br><br></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>