<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Team</strong></p>
<p>The Corporate Finance team is responsible for enterprise level planning, budgeting, forecasting, analysis and capital allocation. As an analyst on this highly strategic &amp; visible team this individual will drive partnership with Cloudflare’s G&amp;A organizations.&nbsp;The ideal candidate possesses excellent analytical, critical reasoning, interpersonal, communication, influencing and leadership skills and is passionate about both problem solving as well as building high quality repeatable processes that scale with our rapid growth.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Business Planning - Lead the business through the quarterly, annual, and long-range planning processes to optimize resource allocation and support Corporate FP&amp;A process and deadlines</li>
	<li>Financial Analysis &amp; Modeling - Adds value by integrating business acumen and appropriate financial analytical methods to deliver insights and drive action</li>
	<li>Business Partnership &amp; Communication - Build and maintain relationships with functional managers to understand drivers, trends, opportunities, and to share insights and recommendations</li>
	<li>Process Excellence - Partner with Accounting to ensure a timely and accurate monthly close process.&nbsp; Identify opportunities for process improvement, automate financial reports, and leverage technology to solve business problems, partnering with internal technical teams.&nbsp; Be a key stakeholder in the Anaplan implementation</li>
	<li>This is an individual contributor role reporting to the Senior Finance Manager for G&amp;A functions</li>
</ul>
<p>This role is critical in helping Cloudflare achieve and exceed its growth and profitability goals. You will primarily focus on supporting our G&amp;A organization, providing visibility on all things financial to key stakeholders, surfacing new insights and improving processes. The ideal candidate is highly analytical, able to communicate financial insights and recommend appropriate actions. This role would be remote and would be based in Mexico. The role might involve travel to the US on a quarterly/ bi-annual basis.</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Min. 3 years of experience as a Financial Analyst, total of at least 5 years of financial experience&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Bachelor's degree (MBA preferred)</li>
	<li>Prior financial analyst experience working in a multinational/ global company highly preferrable</li>
	<li>Prior G&amp;A finance/ finance business partner experience preferred, not mandatory</li>
	<li>Financial Modeling: High Proficiency with MS Excel and Google Sheets; ability to build thoughtful, complex and auditable financial models</li>
	<li>Communication: Clear, concise communicator; ability to synthesize complex data or business problems into actionable information to drive results</li>
	<li>Strong partnering capabilities, with the ability to influence business partners without direct authority and to appropriately push back when required.</li>
	<li>Versatility: Ability to multitask and thrive in a fast-paced, high-growth environment, zooming in with good attention to detail while still keeping the big picture in mind</li>
	<li>Project Management: Results-oriented, self-starter, organized, team-focused, and a strong work ethic, leveraging relationships to ensure deadlines are met</li>
	<li>Tools &amp; Systems: Proficiency with Enterprise Financial Planning Tools &amp; Systems; experience with Anaplan, Netsuite, Workday a plus</li>
	<li>Good working knowledge of US GAAP required</li>
	<li>Advanced/ working proficiency with English mandatory both written and verbal.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>