<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Location: Bangalore, India<br><br>About The Role</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is seeking a <strong>Partner Ops &amp; Strategy Specialist</strong> to support the global partner organization. We are looking for a driven, detailed, and organized professional that can help us improve operational excellence with our partner sales process, tools and increase productivity. In this role you will work closely with IT, Finance, Revenue Operations, Sales, and the Partner Executive Team to support the crucial partner automation initiatives that will lead to the evolution of our partner platforms and infrastructure.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate will have experience working within a partner sales, partner operations, or partner analyst function, ideally within a SaaS company. If you are interested in building your career with a company that is experiencing explosive growth, while being given the responsibility and challenge to have a real impact on our company’s success, then this is the opportunity for you.</p>
<p>This role is a great fit for you if you are a self-starter, able to thrive in an environment that requires operating with a high degree of autonomy, and are driven by the opportunity to make a significant impact in a high growth, fast paced environment.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Directly support internal and external partner teams by resolving tickets related to partner sales process and systems</li>
	<li>Independently review requests and troubleshoot to understand technical challenges, define root causes, and resolve problems.</li>
	<li>Develop a deep knowledge of partner tools and processes to help document and improve effectiveness.</li>
	<li>Assist with partner data management in Salesforce.com and Google Sheets: extract data, clean and upload data, pull reports, and perform mass data updates</li>
	<li>Effectively liaise between Partner, Sales, Contracts, Pricing and Finance to resolve issues</li>
	<li>Create and revise documentation for partner business processes</li>
	<li>Assist the other members of the partner operations team to drive quarterly and annual planning process</li>
	<li>Drive continuous improvement and operational excellence around managing partner deal registrations, pipeline and opportunities</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>1-2 years experience in partner operations, sales operations, partners sales, partner management, partner marketing or programs is a plus, but not required</li>
	<li>Creative problem solver with strong attention to detail and a drive to build something better</li>
	<li>Good verbal and written communication skills</li>
	<li>Self-starter with a strong ability to operate in a dynamic environment&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Proficient with Excel/Google Sheets for basic to intermediate data analysis and data manipulation (VLOOKUP, pivot tables, SUMIFS, COUNTIFS, CONCATENATE, etc)</li>
	<li>Comfortable working with Salesforce and Google suite</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>