<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>What You Would Do Here:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our focus is getting the best people to work at Cloudflare and then allowing them to do their best work. We are looking for an energetic and motivated People Services Representative who’s ready to help a rapidly growing organization scale with efficiency and operational excellence.&nbsp; The main function of this role is to create and deliver a seamless and positive employee experience across the entire hire to retire lifecycle. You’ll deliver world-class employee inquiry support as you help answer People and Payroll questions directly from employees. This role also executes critical People and Payroll transactions to ensure that the data we manage is clean, in compliance and up to date. Along the way you will also have opportunities to help design and improve our existing processes as we align and scale across multiple regions.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Process global employee lifecycle transactions such as onboarding, transfers, organizational changes, and offboarding.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Maintain people data across People/Payroll systems and implement steps to ensure 100% data integrity, performing regular and ad hoc data audits.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Receive and respond to global employee inquiries regarding People and Payroll activities.&nbsp; Escalate issues to tier 2 subject matter experts as needed.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Act as a liaison on behalf of the employee and the People/Payroll departments to resolve issues.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Utilize a professional and quality-focused approach to handle inquiries, ensuring confidentiality and protection of sensitive employee information.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Create and manage employee files and People/Payroll records, ensure all necessary documentation is captured and held in the appropriate places.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Help implement any necessary process changes and records administration to support compliance regulations.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support seasonal People/Payroll programmatic activities such as Benefits open enrollment and year end Payroll preparation.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">As this position provides global employee support, you may be required to work non-traditional work hours for coverage.</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Skills/experience</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience managing HR records&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Highly detailed and process oriented</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Comfortable with large data sets and strong Excel/Google Sheets skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong customer focus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong oral and written communication skills, effectively presenting information and responding to cross-region and cross-functional customer questions&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability and willingness to work within constantly changing priorities</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong organizational, problem-solving and time management skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adaptability in a dynamic, fast-paced environment</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>