<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>What we’re looking for</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for a Senior Program Manager who can effectively drive strategic projects, design and implement scalable, key programs, and manage tools and processes for marketing-wide goals. This role will have high visibility and involvement in both strategic and operational aspects of marketing and organizational initiatives. Further, we are looking for someone with the experience and leadership skills to lead the execution of highly cross-functional marketing activities to support the tremendous growth to Cloudflare’s business.</span></p>
<p><strong>Location: Remote, Austin or San Francisco&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Get To Do In This Role</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own the process design of quarterly planning and execute on tracking and ensuring success.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with marketing leadership to develop effective goals, tracking goals throughout the quarter, creating status reports, and ultimately driving accountability.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Oversee product launch programs, develop process designs, and project manage launch execution across marketing that includes: website strategy, campaigns, customer advocacy, product marketing, and seller enablement.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consolidate, aggregate, and develop insights around team KPIs for regular leadership review and team visibility.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead the execution of strategic company-wide go-to-market and operational initiatives that drive operational excellence, project effectiveness, revenue growth, digital transformation, and better customer experience</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate closely with product management, sales, operations, and other cross-functional leadership to identify, analyze, and act on critical business challenges and opportunities</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build an intimate understanding of the business’s key drivers, proactively proposing ways to increase marketing performance and efficiency</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead the end-to-end lifecycle of a project, from plan development to operationalization to execution to results</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Create and manage strategy and planning tools and processes that automate and scale marketing-wide goals and initiatives</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">What We’re Looking For In You</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">10+ years of relevant work experience (or 5+ years post-MBA or equivalent higher degree), preferably in technology strategy/ops, and program management functions. 5+ years working in Marketing and/or Sales organizations.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong leadership, execution, partnering, and influence abilities.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">PMP Certification a plus. Proven experience on project management/plan development.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Top-notch business process and financial understanding, data analytics and problem-solving skills, with an ability to synthesize disparate information and data into actionable recommendations.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven track record of partnering cross-functionally to deliver quality results</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Outstanding organizational and communication (verbal, written, and presentation) skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Effective team player who is also an independent thinker</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Self-starter who enjoys working in a fast-paced, collaborative, and innovative high-growth environment</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of the SaaS space and business model</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>