<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">About the role:</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Digital Marketing Analyst will lead data processing efforts and build reporting capabilities to assess Cloudflare’s digital marketing campaign performance and impact. You will be responsible for understanding and facilitating efforts to solve difficult business problems using digital marketing data from various sources. You will partner with marketing leads across the SEM, Display, and Social teams to analyze performance data, provide actionable insights, and project future performance scenarios.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re looking for a professional who has prior hands-on experience in B2B digital marketing analytics, with experience in technical implementations and instrumentation. You understand the facets of Digital Marketing and associated data, can diagnose and solve reporting and tracking challenges, facilitate integrations and implementations with our MarTech stack, and be an SME on all things Digital Marketing data analysis. You will partner with teams across Marketing Operations and Business Intelligence to analyze and troubleshoot reporting for Digital Marketing channels.</span></p>
<p><strong>This is a Fixed Term Employment (10months) focusing on the following two projects:</strong></p>
<p>1) Building 'digital marketing' pipeline projection model to help optimize the spend</p>
<p>2) Creating reports and dashboard to provide a more holistic view of the success of the digital marketing campaigns.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop measurement framework to evaluate performance and efficiency of Digital Marketing campaigns</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build and facilitate reporting views via Tableau and Data Studio</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Educate internal teams on Digital Marketing analytics, insights, and measurement</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and maintain forecasting models to set performance and efficiency expectations for stakeholders</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with channel owners to proactively identify optimization opportunities for driving revenue growth and improving marketing ROI.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with peers and cross functional teams to ensure holistic approach to data tracking and seamless handoffs between systems.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Essential skills, knowledge and experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">3+ years of Digital Marketing analytics experience at fast growing technology companies or media agencies, preferably with both B2B SaaS and B2C e-commerce business models.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep domain expertise and hands-on experience with your tool set: Google/Adobe Analytics, Google Marketing Platform suite, Google/Microsoft Ads, and Paid Social platforms (Facebook, Reddit)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proficient in SQL and data visualization tools like Tableau and prior work experience with SQL and data visualization tools like Tableau</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong communication and project management skills including stakeholder coordination and agency / vendor oversight. Demonstrated capacity to learn as well as ability to operate independently.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong aptitude for technical troubleshooting of data, tracking, and reporting.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with Salesforce reporting &amp; analysis, Marketo forms and tracking</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep understanding of typical CRM (ideally SFDC) data schema is critical: Account - opportunity - campaigns - contacts - activities</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>