<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h2><strong>Senior Manager, Global Infrastructure PMO</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About the department</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Global Infrastructure organization at Cloudflare handles all our data centers and network interconnections around the world, from research and development of our servers, to planning network capacity expansions, to getting our equipment anywhere in the world that it’s needed, to executing new deployments and data center expansions.&nbsp; Network Strategy, Infrastructure Engineering, Hardware Systems Engineering, Infrastructure Operations, and Datacenter Infrastructure Growth are the key departmental functions that form part of the Infrastructure team.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Reporting to the Vice President of Infrastructure Operations, this role will have strategic and operational responsibility for helping drive the execution and coordination of projects. The Global Infrastructure Program Manager Office (PMO) is a newly formed function that will lead all technical project initiatives across the Infrastructure organization while also collaborating closely with Cloudflare’s central PMO team and other internal teams (e.g. Engineering, Special Projects, Product, and Production Engineering).&nbsp; The Global Infrastructure PMO Senior Manager will create, implement and enforce standards for project execution and service delivery.&nbsp; Project initiatives range from key strategic projects (including new products/services and optimization efforts) to fast-paced expansion plans varying in scope and complexity.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The PMO leader will develop and drive standard methodologies and frameworks to appropriately plan, resource, schedule, execute, and deliver a large number of projects that have direct impact to company-wide goals including revenue growth and free cash flow.&nbsp; In addition, the Global Infrastructure PMO Senior Manager will lead a team of TPMs and be accountable for the hiring, training, and development of the team as well as inspiring, setting the vision and building a highly engaged and inclusive team culture. The ability to manage, direct, and influence cross functional teams to effective business outcomes is a critical competency for this role.</span></p>
<h3><strong>What you'll do</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build a brand new PMO organization within the Global Infrastructure organization</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Establish and drive adoption of project management methodologies and processes that </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">are applied globally across all Infrastructure teams</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Derive and assist with instituting best-practices, standardization, and scalable mechanisms for effective and timely delivery of projects</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify opportunities to leverage cross-program strengths to take advantage of new opportunities and/or to address organizational challenges</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead a team of Project Managers on day-to-day project delivery while identifying risk and roadblocks as well as mitigation plans and roadblock removal</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Act as a trusted advisor to senior leadership by being actively involved in all phases of program strategy and project management, developing a broad and deep knowledge of all programs</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage and cultivate internal stakeholder, partner, leader, and PMO relationships to secure and expand partnership and execution success</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Create and maintain mechanisms and systems for tracking and reporting including dashboards and KPIs that provide visibility and transparency to projects, execution cycle times and SLAs</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensure that all projects are staffed with the right personnel for the job with the necessary skills, experience, knowledge, and abilities</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Implement a balanced resource mix by combining internal headcount and sub-contractors to deliver projects with quality and on budget</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Responsible for ensuring contractors are budgeted for properly, assigned work efficiently as applicable&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bring ideas and fresh perspectives along with leadership acumen to establish, scale, and sustain a highly engaged workforce and a best-in-class PMO function</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extensive program management experience, team leadership and domain expertise</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">7+ years of experience growing and scaling PMO organizations</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Previous experience with building new teams, establishing new organizational functions, and implementing change management efforts</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exceptional at working with a large number of cross functional stakeholders simultaneously</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to drive teams with differing perspectives and methodologies in a unifying direction to improve decision-making and business outcomes</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solution oriented with the ability to work collaboratively with technical and non-technical business functions to overcome roadblocks</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Hardware/Infrastructure/Procurement/data center migration experience</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">3+ years of Vendor management experience&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to communicate effectively with senior leadership and influence without authority across all levels and functions</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrated ability to improve efficiency of business processes with both technology and process improvement methodologies</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to assess situations and make decisions in a systematic and decisive manner</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exceptional at working independently in ambiguous and rapidly changing environments while exercising bias for action, optimism, and grit&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">SaaS experience preferred but not required</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Software Knowledge: Strong expertise in Microsoft Excel /Jira/ TPM tools</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>