<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Department</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a Product Manager at Cloudflare, you are responsible for building products that improve the way that the Internet works. Product Managers at Cloudflare sit at the intersection of engineering, design, and business strategy. We shape high-level product goals but also get our hands dirty. On an average day, you might pitch a concept to senior leadership, execute a launch plan with marketing, conduct user research with designers, prototype a new feature, iterate on a spec, analyze usage data, and pair with an engineer on implementation. We have ultimate responsibility for understanding our client needs, influencing business strategy, defining feature specification, and working with engineering to develop our software.</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s network protects mission-critical infrastructure, powers always-on applications, and defends employees targeted by cyber attacks. We operate at massive scale — usage of this network generates petabytes of metadata per day. The mission of the Data team is to make sense of all this data to provide insights for customers and to help us build better products.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our customers rely on the visibility provided by our network to understand threats to their business, and opportunities to make their operations faster, more reliable, and more secure. Analytics on Cloudflare’s dashboard and logs sent through Logpush provide some of this visibility today.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In this role you’ll be finding ways to take the raw data and provide </span><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">insights</span></em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> on top of them. For example:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">When a customer experiences a data breach, or has their website defaced: Do we know who attacked and what vulnerability was used? Can we automatically add Firewall rules that will prevent this class of attack in the future?</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">If a serverless application is misbehaving and throwing errors: how can we understand what’s happening and remedy the problem?</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">If users complain about a slow or unreliable experience: can we pinpoint where exactly in the stack things are slow? Can we give customers the tools to make it faster?</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re looking for a PM who can define the vision for the next generation of our logs analysis platform, and help own and ship a major new product in this space. You will own the full product life cycle from core user needs discovery through to pricing and packaging. You’ll be expected to think through all aspects of the product including understanding customers and existing solutions in the market, understanding costs and pricing, how to choose infrastructure to build a scalable system, and of course how to make a great, easy-to-use product that customers love.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Your initial role will involve:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Designing and building a new on-demand forensics platform to help customers make sense of their logs</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Evolving our existing analytics capabilities as we continue to expand our product suite and add more sophisticated and demanding customers</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Developing pricing and packaging that balances costs with adoption, and strengthens Cloudflare’s long-term business</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with our sales and marketing teams to drive adoption among new and existing customers</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a member of the growing team of product managers your responsibilities include:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own the product vision for your area. Ensure that it aligns with the overall product and company vision.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be an expert on the domain, the market, the trends. Evangelize the vision constantly so all stakeholders are aligned, have context and understand where we are going.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Represent the customer. Be the champion and voice of customers. Build intimate, personal customer relationships. Bring the customer's voice into the creation process.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage the roadmap. Make tough tactical prioritization decisions while helping the company think long-term. Build trust with stakeholders by maintaining an understandable, accurate roadmap.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Author use cases and prioritize requirements. Translate market observations and customer feedback into a prioritized product backlog.&nbsp; Author use cases based on specific real-world product applications and extrapolate detailed product requirements for the scenarios.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate across teams. We win or lose as a team. Product managers play a critical role in creating alignment between engineering teams and stakeholders. A collaborative attitude is essential to the job.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Measure success. Own the measures used to define success for your product. Success measures must be defined at the inception of a product and tracked throughout its lifecycle. Make measures visible to all stakeholders and interpret them into actionable conclusions and new hypotheses.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop new opportunities. With your finger on the pulse of the market, the customers and the engineering teams, you are uniquely positioned to discover and develop new opportunities.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Key Competencies</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In this role, you’ll be responsible for building and delivering brand-new products. We’re not expecting to hire a domain expert (though background knowledge is a plus!) —&nbsp;we want to find someone who is curious, can learn quickly, think creatively, and lead the engineering team while working cross-functionally.</span></p>
<ul>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong qualitative and quantitative reasoning skills. You can synthesize customer feedback with hard data about product usage.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Prior experience delivering software products — whether as a student, intern, developer, analyst or product manager.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exceptional communication skills. You’re able to speak with ease to engineers, executives, and customers at any time</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Able to define and manage complex process and/or product issues of a broad scope using independent judgment</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You think it’s fun to analyze data in SQL/R/Python/Matlab in your free time. You understand how to make big data small</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Theoretical and practical knowledge of how the Internet works at layers 2 through 7.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience developing new enterprise SaaS products.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location. For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:140000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">140,000</span> - $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:172000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14589,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">172,000</span>.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equity</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</span></p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.&nbsp; Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!&nbsp; The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.</span></p>
<p><strong>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Medical/Rx Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Dental Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Vision Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Flexible Spending Accounts</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Commuter Spending Accounts</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Global Travel Medical Insurance</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Financial Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Short and Long Term Disability Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Life &amp; Accident Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">401(k) Retirement Savings Plan</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee Stock Participation Plan</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Time Off</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>