<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>What You'll Do</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for a Senior Sales Compensation Analyst to join our team as part of the Finance &amp; Business Operations Organization. As a key team member of a high-visibility organization, this role will provide both technical and operational support to Cloudflare’s Global Sales Compensation Program &amp; Strategy.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Data management within Cloudflare’s Incentive Compensation Management (ICM) platform</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support timely distribution of accurate commission payments and statement releases for multiple areas of the Global Cloudflare Sales Team&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with GTM Finance &amp; Sales Operations to ensure timely assignment of compensation plan, coverage and quotas</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Prepare sales performance analytics for multiple areas of the Cloudflare Sales Team</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and maintain documentation or desktop procedures for all commissions processes</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify opportunities and propose additional controls, process standardization, or automation</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead Sales Team Issue resolution, partnering with Sales Operations, GTM Finance &amp; Sales Leadership</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Participate and support key projects:</span></li>
	<ul>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Enhancements to the Anaplan ICM Model</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Implementation of automated compensation plan distribution</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Implementation of Anaplan SPM</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Path to higher frequency commission payments &amp; statements</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">System-based analytics for GTM Finance, Sales Operations &amp; Sales Leadership&nbsp;</span></li>
	</ul>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">About You:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of Incentive Compensation program OR Commissions Finance experience in the High-Tech sector, with emphasis on program administration and tactical execution; experience with SaaS companies is a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understanding of commission administrative process flow, including plan document distribution and tracking; transaction crediting; incentive calculations; payment file preparation; and issue resolution&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with commissions-specific SOX Controls</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Highly proficient in Excel / GoogleSheets&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with SQL platforms and queries is a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with sales compensation software and systems is a strong plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understanding of sales performance analytics; experience with reporting and data visualization tools/platforms is a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Communication: Clear, concise communicator; ability to synthesize complex data or business problems into actionable information to drive results</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Versatility: Ability to multitask and thrive in a fast-paced, high-growth environment, zooming in with good attention to detail while still keeping the big picture in mind</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Project Management: Results-oriented, self-starter, organized, team-focused, and a strong work ethic, leveraging relationships to ensure deadlines are met</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>