<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Lisbon, Portugal&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h4><strong>About the department</strong></h4>
<p>Cloudflare’s Engineering Team builds and runs the software that handles trillions of requests per month. Product development covers both new features and functionality and scaling our existing software to meet the challenges of a massively growing customer base.</p>
<p>The Cloudflare Zero Trust group within the Engineering organization is taking on the mission of ensuring the people and teams within an organization can access the tools they need to do their job safe from malware and other online threats with the speed and reliability that Cloudflare is known for.</p>
<h4><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h4>
<p><br>In this role, you’ll help us build Cloudflare’s <a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/zero-trust/products/dlp/">Data Loss Prevention</a> (DLP)&nbsp; product that helps customers of any size protect the data that powers their business. Whether credit card numbers, health records, trade secrets or other types of data, Cloudflare’s solution allows organizations to focus on their business and stop worrying about applying bandaids to protect their data. The solution runs in-line with Secure Web Gateway, Cloud Access Security Broker and Remote Browser Isolation - layering Zero Trust access control and web filtering as part of a defense-in-depth approach to data security.</p>
<p>We are looking for a talented, experienced software engineer to join our team and help take our Data Loss Prevention product to the next level. You’ll help us make our DLP product more efficient and more accurate, while also helping us build out more features. You’ll contribute to the design and implementation of a Rust codebase that is deployed across Cloudflare’s entire edge fleet, and in Kubernetes clusters in our core datacenters.</p>
<p><strong>Technologies we use</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Core edge services are written in Rust and deployed globally to 300+ data centers.</li>
	<li>Our REST API is also written in Rust, runs on Kubernetes, and uses Postgres as a data store.</li>
	<li>For service monitoring we use Prometheus and Grafana</li>
	<li>For service logging we use Elasticsearch and Kibana</li>
	<li>For product analytics we use Clickhouse and BigQuery</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Skills and Knowledge we’d love for you to have</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Solid Rust coding experience (the entire product is written in Rust)</li>
	<li>Container orchestration (e.g. k8s)&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Distributed systems (performance, consistency, observability, resilience)&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Advanced data/document classification (e.g. statistical, ML)</li>
	<li>Experience with a variety of AI models.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>