<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: London, Lisbon</strong></p>
<p><strong>About Us</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>We’re hiring a Senior/Principal Product Marketing Lead to drive cybersecurity product marketing strategy. This is a hybrid role for a T-shaped marketer—someone with technical fluency in cloud security, networking, and threat prevention domains, combined with the storytelling and messaging chops to craft compelling narratives for CxOs, IT leaders, and practitioners alike.</p>
<p>You’ll work cross-functionally with Product, Sales, Field, and Demand Generation teams to lead go-to-market execution, shape product positioning, and create content that cuts through complexity and connects to customer pain.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p><strong>Messaging &amp; Positioning</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Deeply understand product capabilities, architecture, and integrations to influence roadmap narratives and product-led growth motions.</li>
	<li>Translate technical capabilities into differentiated messaging for multiple audiences—from CISO to security architect.</li>
	<li>Develop positioning frameworks, value propositions, and customer-facing stories across use cases like Zero Trust, SASE, SD-WAN, and secure networking.</li>
	<li>Also able to create technically credible content (e.g., solution briefs, whitepapers, demo narratives, competitive comparisons) that supports sales engineers and field marketing.</li>
	<li>Partner with technical sellers and PM’s to align positioning with roadmap, features, and technical differentiators</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Go-to-Market Strategy &amp; Execution</strong></p>
<p><strong>Define and execute launch plans, including messaging, sales enablement, web content, analyst briefings, and campaign themes.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Lead messaging and GTM motions for high-value industries (healthcare, media, financial services, etc.) based on buyer insights, pain points, and compliance drivers.</strong><strong>Work with regional as well industry specialists and customer-facing teams to create use case collateral and personas by segment.</strong><strong>Build assets like battle cards, ROI tools, customer stories, vertical playbooks, and objection handling guides.</strong><strong>Deliver field training and participate in key account engagements as a subject matter expert.</strong><strong>Collaborate closely with demand gen and campaign teams to drive pipeline and revenue growth.</strong><strong>Support analyst and customer briefings, working closely with AR, PR, and customer marketing teams.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>8–12+ years in product marketing, with deep knowledge and direct experience in cybersecurity and networking (cloud, endpoint, Zero Trust, etc.).&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Technical fluency -&nbsp; you can confidently talk to a room of security architects without a translator, but know how to zoom out for the boardroom.</li>
	<li>Strategic storyteller—skilled at crafting messaging that’s crisp, audience-aware, and drives emotional as well as rational buy-in.</li>
	<li>Strong understanding of GTM best practices.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Thrive in cross-functional environments—aligning product, field, demand gen, and exec stakeholders around common narratives.</strong><strong>Are intellectually curious, customer-obsessed, and unafraid to challenge assumptions or dive deep into technical discussions when needed.</strong><strong>High sense of urgency and entrepreneurial work ethic required to drive business outcomes.&nbsp;</strong><strong>Impeccable verbal and written communication skills, obsessive attention to detail.&nbsp;</strong><strong>Confident presenter, on stage, video, webinars.&nbsp;</strong>Team player, ready to go above and beyond to ensure team success.&nbsp;<strong> </strong></p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>