<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: </strong>Lisbon, Portugal</p>
<h4><strong>About the team</strong></h4>
<p>In the realm of Cloudflare's global network, capacity engineering takes center stage as the conductor of orchestrated growth and maintenance of Cloudflare’s global infrastructure. This critical role involves forecasting diverse workloads, collaborating closely with engineering teams to optimize resources, and meticulously planning and deploying hardware, including compute, GPU, storage, and network components. The ultimate goal: ensuring Cloudflare's customers enjoy a consistently seamless online experience.</p>
<h4><strong>About the Role</strong></h4>
<p>The Infrastructure Capacity Engineer in Infrastructure Forecasting &amp; Insights ensures that different internal teams are aligned with the organization's mission, strategy, and objectives. The Forecasting &amp; Insights team analyzes data and its key drivers for both internal and external users. They take charge of the long-term forecasting of Infrastructure Capacity and develop advanced analytics and models to improve overall forecasts and operational analytics. This position will focus specifically on the forecasting to support the Compute, Storage and Artificial Intelligence needs for Cloudflare’s suite of products.&nbsp; Additionally, they will have to be able to leverage their software engineering skills to connect to various upstream and downstream systems ensuring the forecasting plan matches the execution.</p>
<h4><strong>Core Responsibilities</strong></h4>
<p>Delivers multi-year forecasting plan end-to-end of our Edge Infrastructure capacity plan, including data center expansions, supply chain requirements, and data center management workflows aligned with various internal engineering teams.</p>
<ul>
	<li>Collaborate with major partners including Engineering, Product, Data Center Selectin,Finance, Operations and Business Expansion teams to develop a strategic approach to create and capacity planning verticals</li>
	<li>Run an excellent organization and set-up mechanisms to lead teams across multiple locations globally.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>5+ years of working experience in an Executive Data Management, Data Analytics or Cloud leadership position within a fast-paced and complex Organization.</li>
	<li>Experience in leading large infrastructure architecture programs, teams and cloud infrastructure architecture management.</li>
	<li>Experience building and leading data &amp; analytics organization or practices as well as successful experience evangelizing/advocating for data analytics value across an Organization and to diverse audiences.</li>
	<li>Direct experience driving continuous improvements in process and operational efficiencies. Lead process-improvement efforts and manage the implementation of both business processes and technical solutions. Drive standards across cross functional teams.</li>
	<li>Proven and successful experience in a consulting role for senior Organization leadership and executives. As well as experience with hands-on leadership roles directly managing data and analytics teams, and driving change within a large, complex Organization’s.</li>
	<li>An understanding of cloud architecture, underlying markets and key market drivers, and global megatrends and the value of data &amp; analytics in acting on external disruption and market trends</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>