<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Location: Tokyo, Japan</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Department</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Customer Support Team solves complicated problems and answers technical inquiries via phone, email, chat, and social media. Whether it is a WordPress blogger using our services for free or a global Enterprise business with petabytes of web traffic, our team is always eager to assist. We are the eyes and ears of Cloudflare, acting as the real-time voice of the customer to help communicate their needs and real-world use cases back to the rest of the company - to help build a better service and future product development.</span></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll do</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Do you love solving complex problems and interacting with people? Are you passionate about helping customers and are a standout colleague? Cloudflare is seeking a Technical Support Engineer to join our team. You will work with our customers on a variety of technical support issues as well as the Technical Operations team that is responsible for running our global distributed network. This is a position where you will learn the inner workings of Cloudflare’s technology and gain a deeper understanding of internet technologies.</span></p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are comfortable communicating in writing and always put the customer first</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are a motivated self-starter who always looking to expand your skill sets</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You take initiatives and capable of learning new technologies / systems / features with little guidance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You enjoy troubleshooting and solving unknown technical problems and issues</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are inquisitive and able to communicate to different kind of audiences</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have a solid grasp of problem solving with command line tools (dig/traceroute/curl/tcpdump)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You understand how the Internet works</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Business level of Japanese and English</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have experience writing scripts in Bash, Python, JavaScript, or other scripting language</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have experience installing and configuring web servers like Apache, Nginx, and IIS</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are familiar with Cloudflare and have a site actively using our platform</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have web development, hosting, or customer support experience</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have the ability to read and write in multiple languages</span></li>
</ul>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>