<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4>About the department</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s IT Business Systems Team is a crucial pillar of the CIO Organization.&nbsp; It operates our enterprise systems end-to-end, providing process cohesiveness across the functional business areas</span></p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">High-growth companies tend to evolve quickly as they grow, so we are looking for talented individuals who thrive in a fast-paced environment and crave ambiguous problems.&nbsp; Salesforce Developer will be responsible for building world-class applications to automate and improve productivity of the business processes for core business teams (Sales, Partner, Marketing, Support, Legal, and Finance) for a rapidly growing organization.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The candidate will be responsible for partnering with other Engineers, Business Analysts and Salesforce Administrators. A team player with a collaboration-oriented mindset is essential!</span></p>
<h4>What you'll do</h4>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design and develop solutions on CRM Salesforce platform integrating with backend systems and working closely with our development, QA, product team and Architects</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Analyze complex business and systems requirements and provide technical solutions to meet the business needs</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with application and data developers on designs, models and best in class implementation</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop applications using the Force.com platform (Apex classes/triggers, VisualForce pages, Web Services API), Angular JS, related web technologies (CSS3, HTML5, Ajax, JavaScript) and other enterprise programming languages such as Java</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Integrate enterprise applications such as Salesforce with analytical platforms and other applications via integration tools using SOAP or REST web service protocols</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Providing Tier 2 support for production issues, including fixes across platforms and on-call responsibilities working with production support team to ensure 24x7 availability of production systems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage heavy workloads and projects, many on a time-sensitive basis while still maintaining accuracy and strong attention to detail</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid understanding of and detailed experience with Salesforce.com architecture and API. 3+ years of development experience</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">M.S. in Computer Science or similar field</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong experience writing Visualforce, Lightning Component, Apex classes and triggers with a proficiency in HTML, XML, JavaScript, SQL, CSS, Java and REST-based web services</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Salesforce Certified App builder&nbsp; certification strongly desired</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent oral and written communication skills</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>