<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Preferred locations:</strong> San Francisco, CA, Austin, TX, New York City, NY or Washington DC</p>
<p>We are seeking to hire our first-ever Head of Healthcare, GTM Strategy.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Head of Healthcare (Strategy and Go-to-Market) will be responsible for:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Scale, build, and lead a world-class, cross-functional healthcare team that sustains efficient and high long-term growth and serves as a repeatable structure for other industries</li>
	<li>Understand the market, develop partnerships, and be seen as an industry leader at the intersection of technology and healthcare.</li>
	<li>Create and drive new strategic go-to-market plans in coordination with the sales and product organizations to meet company growth and market share goals.</li>
	<li>Assess the current sales methodologies and team structure to propose/implement necessary adjustments in order to optimize performance and build the infrastructure and incentives to facilitate further aggressive growth.</li>
	<li>Maintain strong reporting and accountability against numbers, driving to exceed quotas, while developing and managing motivating incentive tools.</li>
	<li>Act as a strategic thought leader and advisor to the President, Revenue and broader Executive Team; a true business leader and general manager.</li>
	<li>Develop short and long-term market strategy and forecasts through market analysis and interpretation of data and communicate sales activities of execution and sales productivity with the senior management teams.</li>
	<li>Build and leverage strong industry and customer relationships, consistently collecting and providing feedback on customer needs, market trends, and opportunities for continuous process, product, and solution improvement.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Build massive sales capacity and coverage, and develop a data-driven, metrics-centric sales operations function.</li>
	<li>Work closely with functions and other executives across the organization to establish and develop a strong and collaborative partnership to ensure continued success.</li>
	<li>Recruit, inspire, lead, mentor, motivate and instill operational rigor into the sales organization, to capitalize on the market opportunity for Cloudflare.</li>
	<li>Create loyalty and followership among the current team. Help drive the mission/vision of Cloudflare to the sales force and broader organization.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>To be effective in this role, the Head of Healthcare will specifically have the following key pivotal experiences and expertise:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>High Growth at Scale – </strong>Track record of leading an organization through rapid growth from $1B to $5B and beyond. Develops processes and strategies that enable the organization to scale with the business.</li>
	<li><strong>Go-to-Market Complexity &amp; healthcare services Depth –</strong> Responsibility for a complex, platform/multi-product sales motion across field, inside and channel sales selling into a multi-segment (SMB to Enterprise) customer base.</li>
	<li><strong>Infrastructure SaaS – </strong>Experience within a cloud-native, highly technical infrastructure SaaS business, and track record of managing a predictable and repeatable recurring revenue business model.</li>
	<li><strong>Operational Rigor – </strong>Experience implementing complex strategy and operational improvements. Takes a data driven and efficiency-oriented approach to sales operations. Measurable success in improving sales enablement, hiring practices, productivity, sales strategy and programs.</li>
	<li><strong>Impact-Oriented Strategic Builder</strong> <strong>–</strong> Execution-focused, team player, and a leader. To be effective in this role, the Head of healthcareServices (Go-to-Market) will have the personal drive and enthusiasm to successfully navigate a growing company in an evolving marketplace.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>