<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About The Department:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As the only cloud-native, preemptive anti-phishing SaaS solution in the market today, Cloudflare Area 1 Security stops advanced email security threats, phishing, business email compromises (BECs) and the resulting fraud that costs organizations data loss, millions of dollars and customer/employee confidence. Our innovative technologies protect our customers from the cyber threats that result in more than 91% of today’s security incidents. We are trusted by 100s of the largest and most recognizable enterprises, across a wide range of industries, to protect them from the incessant threat of email attacks. We enjoy a high degree of customer loyalty demonstrated by our nearly 100% renewal rate, high Gartner and G2 customer ratings and willing customer references.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Enterprise Territory Sales Specialist&nbsp; will represent Cloudflare Area 1 in the Northeast&nbsp; territory to all enterprises (defined in our world as organizations with more than 2,500 employees) and execute thoughtful end-to-end sales campaigns in concert with Cloudflare’s Northeast Enterprise Account Executive team.&nbsp; In addition to developing your prospects through all forms of sales prospecting and new business development, you will also develop opportunities from marketing leads and jointly with Cloudflare’s&nbsp; growing network of channel partners. Be prepared to be the CEO of your own territory and all that comes with it. &nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsbilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Prospecting into a set of geographic accounts with a focus on Fortune 500 companies. If your territory has a particular industry concentration, you will have experience selling into that vertical market.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Building strong relationships with CISOs and other C- level executives.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Creating a sales pipeline of qualified prospects to evaluate and identify Area 1 solutions to solve their business problems.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Working collaboratively with other Account Executives and Sales Engineers; providing specialist level account engagement for the email security products.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Fostering channel partner relationships and developing deal management within the territory. This plays a large part in a successful territory strategy.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Providing sales expertise and real-life experience in creating solutions and designing proof-of-value implementations.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Collecting valuable feedback from prospects and customers in the field and report that information back to our product and engineering teams.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Conducting research and using knowledge of competitive solutions to effectively address and dispel customer objections.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Assisting GTM initiatives to develop and implement specific content and account penetration strategies.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Working closely with your SE counterparts to provide effective solutions.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Drive high levels of customer satisfaction.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What We Are Looking For:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;5-8+ years industry experience with a demonstrable track record of sales success.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Experience selling complex cyber security solutions; email security a plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;A thorough understanding of the end-end cyber security sales process including the proof of concept/proof of value stage</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Must have a solid understanding of the enterprise sales process and the roles and responsibilities of an Account Executive</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Strong sales presentation and communication skills, both verbal and written.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Must be able to effectively communicate the Cloudflare Area 1 value proposition to an executive audience, as well as relay feedback from the field to our product team. This includes the ability to uncover business challenges and architect a solution to solve customer business issues.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Desire to work as the email security Sales Specialist, coordinating efforts with Cloudflare Enterprise Account Executives.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Must be able to thrive in a fast paced, high-energy sales environment.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Ability to work independently, adapt quickly, problem solve and maintain a positive attitude.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Ability to travel throughout your territory as needed.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Must live in the territory, with a preference for major metro hub.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>