<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare’s Americas Marketing Team is searching for an Americas ABM Leader to work closely with our sales, regional marketing, and campaign/product marketing teams to drive high-impact account based marketing programs.</p>
<p>The successful candidate will lead a small team, as well as collaboratively building plans &amp; strategies to surgically target high-value account segments.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Locations: Remote from San Francisco or Austin Texas</strong></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Team leadership: proven experience as a manager, building team performance and culture in a high-growth environment</li>
	<li>Planning &amp; execution: demonstrable skill working with teams to build &amp; execute quarterly and yearly ABM plans including budget management and projection of results</li>
	<li>Performance monitoring &amp; management: proven track record using enterprise analytics to monitor and optimize program performance, including investment rationalization, based on past performance and results</li>
	<li>Sales alignment &amp; partnership: experience working in partnership with sales leaders, including BDR leadership, to enable sellers with account engagement programs leading to opportunity discovery and pipeline generation.</li>
	<li>Collaboration: with our Global ABM lead and regional ABM teams to share best-practices and advance Cloudflare's ABM capabilities, processes, and results</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>10+ years in B2B marketing role in $1B+ technology organization in cybersecurity or networking; minimum 5 years ABM experience as a manager</li>
	<li>Proven experience with 1:1, 1:few, and 1:many ABM motions including key steps such as account opportunity analysis &amp; targeting, sales alignment, program recommendation and selection, and program optimization.</li>
	<li>Experience with both firmographic segmentation such as revenue, employee size, needs-based, and industry/verticals.</li>
	<li>Ability to influence web &amp; content strategy consistent with needs of the ABM team.</li>
	<li>Hands-on experience with predominant sales/marketing tech and ABM platforms such as Salesforce, Tableau, 6Sense, Demandbase, PathFactory, etc.</li>
	<li>Able to effective working across organizational boundaries and building relationships to accomplish objectives</li>
	<li>Thorough knowledge and understanding of enterprise lead-management processes and marketing attribution approaches</li>
	<li>BA/BS in Marketing, Business, Communications, Engineering or other related fields.&nbsp; MBA a plus.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>