<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: <span class="il">Bengaluru</span></strong></p>
<p><strong>About The Department</strong></p>
<p>The Growth Engineering team is responsible for building world-class experiences that help the millions of Cloudflare self-service customers get what they need faster, from acquisition and onboarding all the way through to adoption and scale up. Our team is focused on high velocity experimentation and thoughtful optimizations to that experience on Cloudflare’s properties.</p>
<p>This team has a dual mandate, also focusing on evolving our current marketing attribution, customer event ingress and experimentation capabilities that process billions of events across those properties to drive data-driven decision making.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As an engineer for the team responsible for Data Capture and Experimentation, your job will be to deliver on those growth-driven features and experiences while evolving our current marketing attribution, consumer event ingress and experimentation setup across these experiences, and partner with many teams on implementations.</p>
<p><strong>About The Role</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for experienced full-stack engineers to join the Experimentation and Data Capture team. The ideal candidate will have experience working with large-scale applications, familiarity with event-driven data capture, and strong understanding of system design. You must care deeply not only about the quality of your and the team's code, but also the customer experience and developer experience. We have a great opportunity to evolve our current data capture and experimentation systems to better serve our customers.</p>
<p>We are also strong believers in dog-fooding our own products. From cache configuration to Cloudflare Access, Cloudflare Workers, and Zaraz, these are all tools in our engineer's tool belt, so it is a plus if you have been a customer of ours, even as a free user.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<p>The Experimentation and Data Capture Engineering Team will be responsible for the following:</p>
<ul>
	<li>Technical delivery for Experimentation and Data Capture capabilities intended for all of our customer-facing UI properties, driving user acquisition, engagement, and retention through data-driven strategies and technical implementations</li>
	<li>Collaborate with product, design and stakeholders to establish outcome measurements, roadmaps and key deliverables</li>
	<li>Own and lead execution of engineering projects in the area of web data acquisition and experimentation</li>
	<li>Work across the entire product lifecycle from conceptualization through production</li>
	<li>Build features end-to-end: front-end, back-end, IaC, system design, debugging and testing, engaging with feature teams and data processing teams</li>
	<li>Inspire and mentor less experienced engineers</li>
	<li>Work closely with the trust and safety team to handle any compliance or data privacy-related matters</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Comfort with building reusable SDKs and UI components with TypeScript/JavaScript required, comfort/familiarity with other languages (Go/Rust/Python) a plus.</li>
	<li>Experience building with high-scale serverless systems like Cloudflare Workers, AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, etc.</li>
	<li>Design and execute A/B tests and experiments to optimize for business KPIs, including user onboarding, feature adoption, and overall product experience. Create reusable components for other developers to leverage.</li>
	<li>Experience with publishing-to and querying-from data lake/warehouse products like Clickhouse, Apache Iceberg, to evaluate experiments. Familiarity with commercial analytics systems (Adobe Analytics, Google BigQuery, etc) a plus.</li>
	<li>Implement tracking and attribution systems to understand user behavior and measure the effectiveness of growth initiatives.</li>
	<li>Familiarity with event driven architectures, high-scale data processing, issues that can occur and how to protect against them.</li>
	<li>Familiarity with global data privacy requirements governed by laws like GDPR/CCPA/etc, and the implications for data capture, modeling, and analysis.</li>
	<li>Desire to work in a very fast-paced environment.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>