<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Austin, US or Lisbon, Portugal<br><br>About the Position<br><br></strong>Cloudflare is seeking a talented and passionate Technical Program Manager to lead and manage various company-wide initiatives and programs spanning multiple quarters and teams within the ETI (Emerging Technology and Incubation) department, including Developer Platform suite of products. This position will be based in Austin, Tx or Remote, USA. You will be reporting into the Engineering Program Management Organization (PMO).&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today, Cloudflare runs one of the world’s largest distributed networks that powers more than 10 trillion requests per month, which is nearly 10 percent of all Internet requests worldwide. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code.&nbsp;Our customers range from Fortune 500 companies and nonprofits to small businesses and budding entrepreneurs. We are working to create a faster, more secure, and more reliable experience for anyone online and given the scale at which we operate, our mission is big. Our team is hard at work shaping the future of the Internet by solving some of its toughest challenges. Come join us!</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong><br><br>Your main role will be to partner with product, engineering, design, marketing, and technical operations teams to plan, track, and manage the execution of various ETI related programs and initiatives.&nbsp;Technical Program Management at Cloudflare provides you with a myriad of opportunities to effectively define, scope, and accomplish strategic goals. You will be the driving force to make things happen.</p>
<p>You will also be working with various parts of the organization to deliver Cloudflare services to customers around the globe. You will actively partner with various team members on quarterly planning, process improvements, dogfooding cutting edge products, running innovation weeks, and supporting exciting new developments and initiatives, with multiple senior leads to guide you. The ideal candidate is able to implement the right level of process without over-engineering and enjoys bringing people together as a team while driving them towards success.</p>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>5-10&nbsp; years experience in technical program management.</li>
	<li>Solid knowledge in technical program management and a desire for continuous improvement.</li>
	<li>Strong competency with project management tools (admin-level experience strongly preferred for Confluence, JIRA).&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Knowledge of various software development methodologies (Agile, Waterfall, Kaizen, Scrum, etc).</li>
	<li>Proven track record on creating realistic project plans, and overseeing execution to meet commitments and deliver with predictability.</li>
	<li>Comfortable managing tight deadlines, changing priorities, and ambiguity.</li>
	<li>Ability to collaborate with key decision-makers to develop executive reporting materials (e.g. executive steering committee, weekly updates, key artifacts, etc).</li>
	<li>Servant leader who has successfully gained authority with peers by demonstrating empathy, providing support and motivating others.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Excellent oral and written communication, proven track record of effective communication at various levels including executive level.</li>
	<li>Familiarity with Cloud Technologies and Programming languages is a plus.</li>
	<li>Role is based in Austin or Remote US, and you will be working with teams in various time zones.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>