<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h3><strong>Available Locations: Austin, TX | Lisbon, Portugal | Bengaluru, India<br></strong></h3>
<h3><strong>About the Department</strong></h3>
<p>Emerging Technologies &amp; Incubation (ETI) is where new and bold products are built and released within Cloudflare. Rather than being constrained by the structures which make Cloudflare a massively successful business, we are able to leverage them to deliver entirely new tools and products to our customers. Cloudflare’s edge and network make it possible to solve problems at massive scale and efficiency which would be impossible for almost any other organization.</p>
<h3><strong>About the Role</strong></h3>
<p>As a Docs Platform Engineer at Cloudflare, you play an important role in the Product Content Experience (PCX) team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll be part of a growing engineering team tasked with making our <a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/">docs site</a> shine, as well as other, interactive (and future) responsibilities. You’ll partner with technical writers, content strategists, developer educators, product managers, and engineers who are committed to developing and improving the documentation experience (seriously, check out our <a href="https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/pulse/monthly">contributor graph</a>, we have some passionate folks!).&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you are excited to work with an audience ranging from Wordpress bloggers to development teams at Fortune 100 companies, come help us make the Internet better!</p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h3>
<p>We are looking for an experienced and empathetic Docs Platform Engineer who will help build and scale the platform that empowers millions of developers to be successful with Cloudflare. In this role, you’ll use your skills to ensure we have a world-class documentation platform that gives customers relevant and up-to-date content whenever they need it. This is a cross-functional role where you’ll work collaboratively across the product and developer relations teams.</p>
<ul>
	<li>Build and maintain our documentation platform (and soon other platforms)</li>
	<li>Work with technical writers, content strategists, and developer educators to create a seamless process for technical content</li>
	<li>Collaborate with Product teams to be customer zero for Cloudflare’s own products within our documentation platform</li>
	<li>Cultivate and establish relationships both internally and externally with users of our documentation, being a thoughtful point of contact to help collect and implement improvements based on feedback&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li>2-5 years of experience with software development</li>
	<li>Highly analytical, data and systems oriented problem solver</li>
	<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to influence and build strong relationships with customers and internal stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>