<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>About the department</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s Engineering Team builds and runs the software that handles trillions of requests per month We also build and run the internal tools that builds and runs our software. The Engineering Team is split into two groups: one handles product development and the other handles operations. Product development covers both new features and functionality and scaling our existing software to meet the challenges of a massively growing customer base. The operations team handles one of the world’s largest networks with data centers in 250+ cities worldwide.</span></p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In this role you’ll help us build Cloudflare Tunnel, an ambitious product that aims to be the best and most secure way to connect any machine to the Cloudflare network. As an engineer on the Cloudflare Tunnel team, you will be responsible for building and maintaining the technologies and systems that comprise Cloudflare Tunnel, both in our high-performance global edge network and in our centralized microservice cluster. You will be joining a team of bright, hard-working, and supportive engineers who really care about their craft.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Examples of software systems that you’ll be working with include:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A service running on every machine of Cloudflare’s extensive edge network, responsible for proxying data to customer servers through persistent network connections</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A cross-platform, open-source client service application that connects machines to the Cloudflare network</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Microservices and APIs that enable and facilitate fast and reliable information exchange between Cloudflare and the rest of the Internet</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will participate in all stages of the software development lifecycle, from designing and documenting systems, to writing code and automated tests, to planning, managing, and monitoring production software deployments. You will work with a wide range of technologies and programming languages, including Rust, Go, Lua, REST APIs, various SQL and no-SQL databases, Salt, Prometheus and Grafana, Docker, Kubernetes, the list goes on.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Other responsibilities include:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborating with internal teams (security, network engineering, SRE, product management) to design effective and scalable solutions to difficult technical problems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Reviewing work from your peers throughout all stages of the development lifecycle</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mentoring team members to help bring out their best work</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Working with our support teams to ensure customer delight</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Because you’ll be solving problems of massive scale and significance, and shaping the future of performance on the Internet, you are a growth-oriented individual who enjoys being outside of your comfort zone. You are comfortable in a fast-paced but sane work environment.</span></p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As an ideal candidate for this position, you are curious, hard-working, and passionate.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A rough list of the skills we would love to see you bring:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Programming experience in Go, Rust, C++, or similar languages</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Willingness, curiosity, and enthusiasm to learn new programming languages, technologies, and systems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Working knowledge of modern Unix/Linux development and runtime environments</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong ability to debug issues in complex systems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A grasp of networking protocols in any of Layers 3-7 of the OSI Model, experience with network programming</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Basic understanding of software security and encryption</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in designing and implementing secure and highly-available distributed systems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Caring and empathy are coveted traits here!</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>