<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h3><strong>Available Locations: Austin, TX</strong></h3>
<h3><strong>About Us</strong></h3>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today, the company runs one of the world’s largest programmable networks, which was named a "Leader" in the Forrester New Wave for Edge Development Platforms. Within our Emerging Technologies &amp; Incubation (ETI) group, we build and release new and bold products, leveraging our unique architecture to deliver entirely new tools to developers. By solving problems at a massive scale, we empower our customers to build and deploy full-stack applications to "region: Earth."</p>
<h3><strong>What you'll do</strong></h3>
<p>As an Engineering Manager on the Durable Objects (DO) team you will lead a team shaping the future of industry-leading services that redefine what is possible for developers. We don't just copy what other cloud providers do; we work backward from developer needs, reimagining solutions by leveraging our unique global network. This network brings data closer to users for unparalleled performance, allows for granular control to meet data residency requirements, and provides a platform for truly innovative data products. You will be at the forefront of this innovation, architecting and building the next generation of serverless and edge data solutions.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will be responsible for building a team of software engineers who build the industry-leading services at Cloudflare. You will set ambitious goals for your team and identify a path for reaching those goals. You will provide opportunities and mentorship for your team in order for them to reach their full potential. You will take ownership of the code that the team delivers from inception to release. You will work cross functionally to ensure that all aspects of your services delight customers.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li>Minimum 5 years of experience working with distributed systems.</li>
	<li>Minimum 2 years of experience leading engineering teams.</li>
	<li>Experience building and operating high performance software applications.</li>
	<li>Experience debugging, optimizing and identifying failure modes in a large-scale distributed system.</li>
	<li>A solid understanding of computer science fundamentals including data structures, algorithms, and object-oriented or functional design.</li>
	<li>Knowledge of at least one modern strongly-typed programming language: we primarily use C++, Rust, and TypeScript.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Bonus Points</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li>Experience directly managing a team of systems software engineers.</li>
	<li>Experience working on distributed storage systems or programming language runtimes.</li>
	<li>Experience working on critical software infrastructure.</li>
	<li>Experience working directly with customers.</li>
	<li>Deep Linux / UNIX systems knowledge.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>