<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h3><strong>Available Locations: Austin, TX</strong></h3>
<h3>About the department</h3>
<p>The Cloudflare Research team stands at the nexus of academic inquiry and real-world implementation, operating with a clear mandate: to advance the company's mission to help build a better Internet. That core objective drives every project, publication, and standard the team contributes to, upholding Cloudflare's commitment to a more secure, private, and accessible Internet. The department is crucial in translating Cloudflare's public values into tangible, globally-scaled technologies. This environment offers a unique opportunity for specialized researchers and engineers to perform intellectually challenging work that delivers measurable, positive impacts on global digital infrastructure. Our current focus areas include Artificial Intelligence, Cryptography, Privacy, Network protocols, architecture, measurement and performance evaluation, and distributed systems.</p>
<p>More information about Cloudflare's approach to research can be found<a href="https://research.cloudflare.com"> here</a>.</p>
<h3>What you’ll do</h3>
<p>A Cloudflare Research Engineering Manager plays a pivotal role in leading technical teams that are at the forefront of developing groundbreaking solutions. This position involves frequent and close collaboration with both research scientists and data scientists, fostering an environment where cutting-edge research seamlessly transitions into tangible product development. Their expertise is particularly crucial in highly specialized and rapidly evolving domains such as advanced cryptography, robust distributed systems, and practical applications of machine learning.</p>
<p>Beyond their technical acumen, Research Engineering Managers are responsible for the comprehensive oversight of their teams. This includes providing clear technical guidance, making critical architectural decisions that shape the future of Cloudflare's infrastructure, and ensuring that individual projects align with the broader strategic objectives of the business. A key aspect of their role is to bridge the gap between high-level business goals and their granular technical implementation. Their efforts directly contribute to enhancing the developer experience by building scalable, resilient, and state-of-the-art technology that underpins Cloudflare's mission to help build a better Internet.</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>A minimum of 6 years of experience in management or supervisory roles within a large, technology-driven organization.</li>
	<li>A strong foundation in computer science, specializing in areas such as algorithms, data structures, software design, web security, and building large-scale distributed systems.</li>
	<li>Exceptional skills in planning, cross-functional collaboration, and leading teams to consistently deliver results with predictability.</li>
	<li>A proven track record of leading teams, including expertise in hiring, onboarding, and professional development. You are able to inspire your team and effectively communicate both the "why" and the "how."</li>
	<li>Experience in implementing tools, processes, internal instrumentation, and methodologies, as well as resolving blockages.</li>
	<li>Demonstrated ability to recruit and hire top-tier talent.</li>
	<li>Comfortable managing teams and projects under tight deadlines and short release cycles.</li>
	<li>Experience in fostering the growth and maximizing the potential of both budding and experienced engineers and researchers.</li>
	<li>A track record of excellence in at least one of the team's key research areas.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Lead and Develop the Team:</strong> Guide, mentor, and foster the growth of a skilled team of engineers, researchers, and data scientists. Cultivate an environment that values technical excellence, teamwork, continuous learning, and innovation. Conduct regular one-on-one meetings, offer constructive feedback, and support career progression.</li>
	<li><strong>Drive Strategic Planning and Roadmap:</strong> Define and manage the team's strategic roadmap while enhancing effectiveness. Ensure team objectives align with broader organizational goals and contribute to the overall Research team strategy.</li>
	<li><strong>Foster Cross-functional Collaboration:</strong> Collaborate closely with various teams, including engineers, data scientists, and product managers, to integrate research innovations into products.</li>
	<li><strong>Communicate Progress and Strategy:</strong> Effectively communicate team progress, challenges, and strategic direction to senior leadership, stakeholders, and the wider organization. Represent the team's work internally and externally, including through blog posts and presentations.</li>
	<li><strong>Contribute to Hiring and Growth:</strong> Actively participate in the hiring process to expand the team, identifying and attracting top talent who can contribute to Cloudflare's mission and culture.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>