<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: This is a remote-based role based in the United States</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About Us</strong></p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is looking for an exceptional Senior Administrative Support Specialist to support our Chief Partner Officer.</p>
<p>Your job is to keep our leaders organized, prioritized, and productive while we grow from 2000+ employees and beyond. This role requires superior attention to detail, great organizational skills, and the ability to juggle multiple high-priority requests. It also requires the ability to work with team members at all levels, sometimes under pressure. A high level of integrity and discretion in handling confidential information is important, as is a positive attitude. The ideal candidate is an assistant who understands the value of cultivating relationships and being a reflection of the people they support.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Admin:</strong> Provide excellent administrative support for our leaders, exercising high attention to detail and discretion in every matter. Plan, coordinate, and execute meetings including the set-up of events - from room set-ups, ordering light catering, Audio/Visual set up, attendance tracking, and materials distribution. Provide agen<span style="color: #000000;">das, detailed data, information, and resources in preparation for meetings.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li><strong>Calendar:</strong>&nbsp;Proactively own and flawlessly execute on calendars, prioritizing with purpose, deflecting with tact, and understanding both the short- and long-term impacts of each confirmed, declined, and rescheduled meeting. Ensure the leaders are equipped with all the necessary meeting information and manage inbound and outbound requests.&nbsp;</li>
	<li><strong>Travel and Expenses:&nbsp;</strong>Plan all aspects of domestic and international travel, optimizing and balancing executives’ time with the cost of travel; monitoring flights for up-to-the-minute changes; ensuring all documents are secured and up-to-date. Ensure timely submission of expense reports through Concur.</li>
	<li><strong>Special Projects:</strong>&nbsp;From time to time, the Administrative Assistant will be requested to work on special projects that could range from assisting with slide decks to coordinating team-building events.</li>
	<li><strong>Admin Team</strong>: Our Admin team has a high degree of camaraderie and so the ideal candidate will enjoy partnering closely with their peers and foster teamwork.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>You have 10+ years experience as an Administrative Assistant in a fast-paced environment, prior experience supporting senior leaders a plus</li>
	<li><span style="color: #000000;">Excellent verbal and written communication skills</span></li>
	<li>Working knowledge of Google Suite, travel and expense software systems, and major airline carrier’s platforms</li>
	<li>Proficient level of knowledge in Sheets/Excel, Slides/Powerpoint will be a plus</li>
	<li><span style="color: #000000;">Exhibits a strong work ethic, professionalism, confidentiality, and good judgment</span></li>
	<li>Incredibly organized and resourceful, ability to learn and navigate software apps and be able to juggle and multi-task with acute attention to detail and follow-through</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>