<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Responsibilities&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Can clearly communicate the Incident Response Lifecycle and the Kill Chain (Attack) Life Cycle to internal and external stakeholders</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Serve as point of contact throughout the incident lifecycle, interacting directly with executives, and legal.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extend Security Incident Response framework, capabilities responsibilities</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist in broadening Security Incident Response scope into Product Security, Legal and Insider Threat.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Effectively communicate investigative findings and impact to wide array of stakeholders including executive leadership</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with the team members across two regions to drive response and investigations globally.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Produce concise yet detailed case reports for internal and external partners.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist in planning and strategizing program initiatives and milestones to mature incident response capabilities&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Participate in the creation, and maintenance Incident Response Standards, Policies, Procedures, Guidelines, and Checklists</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Empathize, reassure, and respond to sensitive incidents with compassion, professionalism, and clarity&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Train less experienced members of the team on best practices, processes, and technologies</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of demonstrated experience in digital forensics incident response investigations, litigation support investigations, security engineering, log aggregation, and/or penetration testing</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Minimum of 2 years leading incident response engagements or efforts in enterprise and production environments</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Broad understanding of data loss prevention and insider threat prevention concepts, technical expertise, and analytical capabilities to detect patterns and anomalies across data sets of technical and non-technical indicators.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Litigation discovery experience, including data preservation, collection, scoping and review of data from a broad array of repositories and systems, including proprietary systems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep knowledge of malicious insider threat indicators, such as those associated with fraud, theft of intellectual property, sabotage, and espionage.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid understanding of network and system intrusion and detection methods; examples of related technologies include, Splunk, Kibana, Timesketch, GRR Rapid Response, Velociraptor, OSQuery, Next Generation Endpoint Protection Platforms (EPP), Security information and event management (SIEM),&nbsp; hacking tools techniques and procedures</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with coding and analytics, malware analysis, endpoint lateral movement detection methodologies and host forensic tools</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understanding of network protocol analysis, public key infrastructure, SSL, Microsoft Windows, MacOS, Linux, open-source software, scripting, SQL and software programming</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong troubleshooting, organizational skills, and capacity to work on multiple activities simultaneously</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Great verbal/written communication, problem solving, analytical and independent judgment skills to support an environment driven by teamwork; must be able to positively influence, mentor and be a credible source of knowledge to less experienced team members</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Forensic tool development and automation&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Malware Reverse Engineering</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">SALT, Ansible, Puppet, Chef, and/or Terraform experience.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with industry security baselines such as CIS and NIST 800-53+</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Python, SQL, GoLang</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">GCFA, GCFR, GNFA Certifications</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>