<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Role (or What you'll do)</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As an early member of the Network Operating System (NetOS)&nbsp; team you will be a key technical contributor to a cutting-edge network software infrastructure which is used to drive layer2 and layer3 devices on Cloudflare's network. The NetOS team is responsible for enabling, supporting, and growing SONiC within our Production Network.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will participate in all stages of the software development lifecycle, from designing and documenting systems, to writing code and automated tests, to planning, managing, and monitoring production software deployments. Take ownership of code pieces and features, deep involvement in the system architecture in which the features are implemented.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Also, you will help build, integrate, maintain, and upstream, new SONiC features and bug fixes. Create and improve documentation, specifications, and SONiC high level design documents (HLD). In addition, work with hardware vendors and internal teams to integrate new platforms into SONiC.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In this role you will work with a wide range of technologies and programming languages, including C/C++, Rust, Go, Linux networking, Redis, Kubernetes, and more. Also provide technical support to Network Engineers, directly in debugging and resolving network operating system issues.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Because you’ll be solving problems of massive scale and significance, you are a growth-oriented individual who enjoys being outside your comfort zone. You are comfortable in a fast-paced but sensible work environment. You value curiosity and empathy and lead with these values.</span></p>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge, and experience</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science or equivalent experience</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">3 years of relevant Software Engineering experience</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Sonic, Cumulus, or Linux based open Network Operating Systems</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong software development skills in C||C++||Rust||Go and Python</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Open Source Routing Daemons (FRR, Bird, GoBGP)</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Linux networking — iproute2, Traffic Control, Netlink, Devlink, etc.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Background with Networking data models, Yang, RESTful APIs and gRPC/gNMI</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid Linux systems administration experience</span></p>
<h4><br><br></h4>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep understanding of SAI API and Ethernet vendor’s SDK</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with network programming in C, C++, or rust</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep knowledge of BGP and other routing protocols</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Kernel Bypass Networking (DPDK, VPP, XDP)</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with bare metal switching</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Linux boot process (Secure Boot) and provisioning</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with the Linux kernel and Linux software packaging</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understanding of Server Architecture (interaction between a processor, memory, PCI Express bus, Operating System, and software applications)</span></p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>