<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Singapore, or Sydney, Australia, or&nbsp;Tokyo, Japan</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are seeking a new Data Center Selection team member to improve the quality and unit cost and grow the size and number of our colocation sites/PoPs, and help us understand where on the map Cloudflare’s infrastructure needs to go next. You possess a broad set of contacts across the data center industry and are able to navigate local and international businesses in various markets to drive the best possible deal parameters.&nbsp; You will unlock efficiency within our vendor partner portfolio by understanding how to structure contracts to follow demand, keeping abreast of unique market dynamics and insights that help us negotiate, and managing vendor partner relationships to know where to invest and partner further with existing or new partners.&nbsp; We are looking for someone who excels at progressing many projects in parallel, managing dynamic day to day priorities with many stakeholders, and has experience implementing and refining sourcing best practices in a high growth environment. Getting stuff done is a must!</span></p>
<p><strong>What you get to do in this role:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Define regional vendor strategy for data centers</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own deals end to end involving new and existing data center vendors and sites to support Cloudflare’s infrastructure growth including planning, RFP, commercial negotiation and execution</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work cross-functionally with legal, operations, capacity planning, network strategy and security teams to understand requirements and project timelines</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Establish and conduct scheduled QBR and other vendor management activities with top category partners</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Represent Cloudflare credibly to external partner C-level senior management and at public conferences/events</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Expert point of contact for internal business customers &amp; external colocation partner vendors as needed</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contribute information to annual data center budget for effective tracking and benchmarking of infrastructure costs</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Review colocation spend &amp; invoices for management approval&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Other duties as assigned</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Skills/Experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">10+ years in planning and managing data center footprints within a fast moving enterprise technology organization or cloud services, software or colocation company</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to multi-task and manage complex projects across multiple teams and geographies within set deadlines</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to navigate, solve problems and answer questions with minimal supervision</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Relationship management experience and excellent communication skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrated experience in commercial negotiation&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with rack, site power and white space planning (data center sales engineering) a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with or understanding of network concepts a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in budget planning, financial analysis, or other analytical role a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Jira a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Multilingual and/or experience living/working/conducting business in another country a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience required</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>