<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>About the Department</strong></h4>
<p>Cloudforce One is Cloudflare’s threat operations and research team, responsible for identifying and disrupting cyber threats ranging from sophisticated cyber criminal activity to nation-state sponsored advanced persistent threats (APTs).&nbsp; Cloudforce One works in close partnership with external organizations and internal Cloudflare teams, continuously developing operational tradecraft and expanding ever-growing sources of threat intelligence to enable expedited threat hunting and remediation.&nbsp; Members of Cloudforce One are at the helm of leveraging an incredibly vast and varied set of data points that only one of the world’s largest global networks can provide.&nbsp; The team is able to analyze these unique data points, at massive scale and efficiency, synthesizing findings into actionable threat intelligence to better protect our customers.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is a system spanning the globe, on a mission to make the internet better, safer, and more powerful everyday.&nbsp; To help fulfill this mission, we are seeking a talented Threat Response Analyst, to identify, track, and defeat sophisticated email-borne cyber threats.&nbsp; In this position, your experience, thinking, and action will be the key to our success.&nbsp; You will identify Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs) of ongoing Cyber Attacks in the real world. You will collaborate with our team to develop new ways to present and interact with our insights. You will stop the adversary. You will show the world how the adversary works.</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Undergraduate with a US College Degree Program in one of the following majors or equivalent: Computer Science, Information Technology, Information Security, or Computer Security or Information Systems.</li>
	<li>At least 2 years experience in tracking and analyzing cyber campaigns utilizing technical indicators such as Domains, IP Addresses, Emails (Subjects, From, To, etc)</li>
	<li>Experience analyzing, tracking and defending against phishing and BEC attacks</li>
	<li>Working knowledge of email authentication protocols, and experience in email header analysis</li>
	<li>You have the ability to synthesize technical information and document it in a non-technical manner including through graphical and verbal depictions</li>
	<li>You have excellent English skills, both. verbal and written</li>
	<li>You are capable and comfortable communicating actionable threat intelligence to both technical and executive-level stakeholders</li>
	<li>Desire to learn and improve</li>
	<li>Willing and eager to share knowledge, mentor and collaborate with a team</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Experience in a Team Lead Role</li>
	<li>Experience tracking and analyzing cyber campaigns utilizing technical Indicators of Compromise (IOCs)</li>
	<li>Experience with malicious file formats such as Microsoft Office Documents, Adobe PDFs</li>
	<li>Familiarity with regular expressions and their practical application in tracking malicious activity</li>
	<li>Working knowledge of SQL and devising SQL queries</li>
	<li>Experience with Yara</li>
	<li>Experience with DNS, IPv4, IPv6, HTTP/HTTPS, SMTP/SMTPS</li>
</ul>
<h4><br><br></h4>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>