<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations:&nbsp;</strong>Brussels, Belgium</p>
<h4><strong>Public Policy at Cloudflare</strong></h4>
<p>Because of the scope, complexity, and diversity of the company’s work, our Public Policy team members must be flexible, talented and able to work collaboratively across multi-functional teams to find and present policy solutions, to carry the Cloudflare narrative and promote the public policy brand externally.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Cloudflare’s Public Policy team helps the company by anticipating regulatory challenges, acting as an external advocate for Cloudflare on priority policy issues and identifying opportunities to build relationships with external partners.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The team is relatively small but growing, and is often tasked with addressing global policy issues on top of local market priorities. This is a fast-moving work environment with goals that are closely linked to business priorities, however, policy issues are typically within the areas of cybersecurity, data protection/privacy, connectivity and intermediary liability.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for an intern for a six-month period to help support our European Public Policy team, based in Brussels. <strong>The start date for this role is foreseen on 9 March, 2026</strong>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The responsibilities of the intern will consist of working day-to-day with the European Public Policy team across a wide range of work streams and projects including:</p>
<ul>
	<li>Help the Public Policy team to maintain internal knowledge databases, draft EU stakeholder maps and support with issue tracking</li>
	<li>Support the team in evaluating EU policy and legislative developments, and support work to understand the impact on Cloudflare across its full product set, including attending relevant events (for instance in the European Parliament and conferences) and providing internal updates to the Public Policy team</li>
	<li>Participate in developing talking points, policy narratives and presentation materials for use at external events and meetings and for other communication purposes (company blog, position papers, consultation responses etc)</li>
	<li>Help compile materials for use by Cloudflare's sales and marketing teams to respond to policy-related questions raised by our customers and potential customers</li>
	<li>Support work to build and maintain relationships with key policy makers, relevant policy makers and officials from the European Institutions, as well as within any identified national markets</li>
	<li>Take part in engagement with business and civil society entities, including associations of which we are an active member</li>
	<li>Support in providing daily/real-time and other updates to colleagues from the Cloudflare Public Policy, Legal, Trust &amp; Safety Teams and other internal stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<p>The position will require an active, self-starting individual with an academic background, a knowledge of and a curiosity for our business, in particular cyber security, connectivity/telecoms, content policy and privacy issues. Some prior work or internship experience within a (technology) company or association, and/or within the EU institutions working on relevant policy topics will be an asset. Perfect knowledge of English as a working language (written &amp; oral) is required. Knowledge of French is an asset.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The position is remunerated and some, limited, travel within Europe may be required.&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>