<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p>Cloudflare is looking for a B2B Marketing Demand Generation Lead who is dynamic, creative, and analytical to join the APAC Digital team. You will work alongside the Digital team’s campaigns group team to conceive, launch, and manage a series of online campaigns that span a variety of online channels – display, retargeting, email, direct mail, social, webinars, content syndication, to name a few. You have a natural inclination to measure the effectiveness of marketing activities, strong project management skills, and the ability to think strategically and orchestrate many moving parts.</p>
<p><strong>Job Description:</strong></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and own the strategy for end-to-end B2B Demand Generation Marketing campaigns that targets technical and business decision makers throughout APAC</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with Sales Leadership in the APAC to craft, plan, execute and track impactful quarterly marketing plans to meet and/or exceed quarterly pipeline and revenue targets</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Execute on high impact B2B marketing programs that generates interest in the portfolio of Cloudflare products for enterprise companies</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Drive and execute end-to-end B2B marketing campaigns through online channels in an effort to penetrate and expand into target accounts</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extensive experience in Content Syndication and full funnel content marketing</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep understanding and expertise in Account Based Marketing targeting both large accounts and mid-market companies&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design, develop and execute Cloudflare-hosted webinars and virtual events to uncover new opportunities</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to obtain new logos</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage and monitor dedicated marketing spend, optimize marketing results with clear ROI reporting</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with the regional field marketing teams to build the best results across the APAC region</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with sales, technical teams, PR, stakeholders, and field evangelists to deliver successful digital marketing programs</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Utilize systems and tools, such as SFDC and marketing dashboards, to analyze pipeline and opportunity data to best resolve marketing mix for your region-segment</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Degree qualifications (Bachelors or Masters Degree in relevant subject)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent project management skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Held a similar B2B marketing position within the IT Industry, with a minimum of 5 years</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrated ability to build &amp; execute a marketing strategy with clear goals &amp; objectives to align to the APAC business and sales objectives and support the growth targets.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Data driven and familiar with Full Funnel Marketing metrics (Leads, MQL’s Conversion, Pipeline)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience developing and coordinating large scale digital campaigns</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead numerous projects simultaneously in a dynamic environment</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Motivated self-starter who thrives in sophisticated, fast-paced environments</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Team player, but ability to work independently and be a self-starter. Able to operate successfully in a rapidly changing, ambiguous, and undefined environment</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with developing, executing and tracking results tied to multi-touch marketing plans</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fluent in written and spoken English with an additional APAC language proficiency&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience working in rapid growth SAAS companies and industries</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge about cyber security market and technologies</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Skill to use BI tools, Salesforce, Marketo, Google Analytics and other digital marketing tools</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>