<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations:</strong> Lisbon, Portugal; London, UK; Austin, TX; Munich, Germany, Amsterdam, Netherlands</p>
<h4>About the department</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s Engineering Team builds and runs the software that handles trillions of requests per month. Product development covers both new features and functionality and scaling our existing software to meet the challenges of a massively growing customer base.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Cloudflare for Teams group within the Engineering organization is taking on the mission of ensuring the people and teams within an organization can access the tools they need to do their job safe from malware and other online threats with the speed and reliability that Cloudflare is known for.</span></p>
<h4>What you'll do</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In this role you’ll help us build Gateway, an ambitious product that aims to be the most secure and performant method for an organization’s devices to connect to the Internet. As an engineer on the Gateway team, you will focus on our high-performance global edge network data plane services and will also contribute to the control plane API’s that configure the edge services. You will be joining a </span><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflares-first-year-in-lisbon/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">global team</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> of bright, hard-working, and supportive engineers who really care about their craft.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Example of systems that the team currently is building:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A forward-proxy service running on every machine of Cloudflare’s extensive edge network, responsible for inspecting, filtering, and blocking device requests based on an organization’s configured policy.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A DNS resolver running on our edge that leverages a Wirefilter based filtering rules engine.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Microservices that allow organizations to configure, manage, and observe their organization's devices and their respective traffic.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Technologies we use:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Gateway’s core edge services are written in Rust and deployed globally to 200+ data centers&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our REST API is written in Go, runs on Kubernetes, and uses Postgres as a data store.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our frontend is written in Typescript and React.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">For service monitoring we use Prometheus and Grafana.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">For service logging we use Elasticsearch and Kibana.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">For product analytics we use Clickhouse and BigQuery.&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Because you’ll be </span><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/gateway-swg/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">solving problems of massive scale and significance</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">, and </span><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/solarwinds-orion-compromise-trend-data/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">shaping the future of the Internet</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">, you are a growth-oriented individual who enjoys being outside of your comfort zone in a fast-paced environment.</span></p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As an ideal candidate for this position, you are curious, hard-working, and passionate.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A rough list of the skills we would love to see you bring:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Programming experience in Rust, C++, or similar low level languages</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Programming experience in Go and/or Typescript is a plus, but not required</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A strong grasp of networking protocols in Layers 3-7 of the OSI Model</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid understanding of HTTP protocols - including experience with HTTP/2 and bonus for HTTP/3 experience</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Basic understanding of software security and encryption</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in designing and implementing secure and highly-available distributed systems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Willingness, curiosity, and enthusiasm to learn new programming languages, technologies, and systems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Caring and empathy are coveted traits here</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>