<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Austin, TX</strong></p>
<p><strong>What You Would Do Here</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is growing our People team. Our focus is finding the best people to work at Cloudflare and then allowing you to do your best work. As we continue to build out our Business Partner team, we are looking for a trusted business partner who is naturally curious about what we do and driven to help our people thrive. In this role, you will report to the Director of People Team Business Partners - R&amp;D (Americas) - and support our strategic initiatives, partnering closely with leadership across our R&amp;D Teams. You will be the People Team Business Partner to help support our Product, Engineering and Security Teams.</p>
<p>You will develop and implement proactive solutions for a broad scope of activities, ensuring alignment on initiatives and priorities, maintaining open and transparent lines of communication and keeping our teams thriving and well supported. You will serve as a strategic partner with strong client partnership based in business acumen. You will focus on organizational design, talent management, and driving initiatives and change leadership.</p>
<p>We passionately believe in leadership at all levels, and our fast growth has created a special opportunity to really enable our team members to acquire new skills and grow on the job. You will help us get better at this by spending time with our people and developing and implementing programs that are responsive to our leaders' needs, role model our company capabilities and will scale as we continue to grow an enterprise business.</p>
<p><strong><em>*** Please note a cover letter is required to be considered for this position. ***</em></strong></p>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Motivated by cultivating company culture, building great businesses and helping people do their best work, you have served on a People/ HR team for 12+ years of experience, 5+ of which have been as a senior business partner.</li>
	<li>You have a successful history of developing strong relationships and operating effectively through virtual support and in a distributed environment.</li>
	<li>You have an entrepreneurial spirit, are always looking for ways to innovate, improve and operate independently.</li>
	<li>You think of and present solutions and don’t get bogged down by problems, rather perceive them as opportunities.</li>
	<li>You have participated in large-scale change initiatives and have a few stories about leading a few. You know what complexity looks like and are able to navigate through it to get things across the finish line.</li>
	<li>You have a keen business acumen and a track record of partnering closely with business leaders. You can articulate how People teams bring value to an organization and are able to quickly develop the business case for People Team initiatives.</li>
	<li>You have built at least one scalable program from the ground up and have a demonstrated history of building relationships and credibility across all levels of an organization.</li>
	<li>You are an influencer that leads with empathy. Others have described you as skilled in implementing workforce plans, leveraging subject matter experts and your network to enable programmatic solutions in talent management, workforce planning - think ideation to action on engagement surveys, organizational design, as two examples.</li>
	<li>You are a skillful communicator, verbally in small and large groups, as well as written through emails and presentations. Your super strength, especially when the message may be difficult, is face-to-face.</li>
	<li>You are generous with your time and earn and maintain the trust that people place with you.</li>
	<li>Uncompromising when it comes to your integrity, you speak truth, act with respect and lead with dignity.</li>
	<li>You love working with people - you maybe secretly love working with spreadsheets too!</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>