<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Your Career</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As the Protective Intelligence Analyst you will work to proactively identify risk to executives, employees, and business operations. You possess the ability to extract the most pertinent information from multi-source intelligence and distill it into easily digestible work products. You are able to leverage critical thinking and analytic skills to assess threat levels and prioritize risks. You will collaborate across business units to develop holistic risk assessments and clearly communicate risk to stakeholders.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with the Head of Corporate Security to build our intelligence and exec protection function</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Monitor multi-source intelligence, travel, and events to identify and triage risks</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop written intelligence products and conduct briefings for stakeholders</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Conduct risk assessments and suggest mitigation strategies</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and maintain relationships across business units (legal, HR, Travel, Exec Admin, Infosec etc.) to identify and mitigate risks</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with the physical security team to ensure the safety and security of executives – including residential, travel, transportation, special events.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Provide limited-notice Executive Protection support (including travel) to all locations in a dynamic and rapidly changing environment. And provide administrative/logistic support as requested to ensure smooth and efficient operations</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Safeguarding and maintaining highly sensitive and confidential information</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and deliver Security-related training material and effective tabletops/drills that keep stakeholders sharp and able to respond to common or rare incidents or disasters</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify risk trends and forecast future risks</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify gaps in intelligence and suggest new resources as necessary</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">3+ years of experience in intelligence, executive protection or similar field. 5+ years of experience may be acceptable in lieu of a degree</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with OSINT tools such as Liferaft, AlertMedia, Flashpoint, Dataminr etc.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience briefing executives</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience developing written intelligence reports</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understanding of corporate physical security risks</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understanding of global geopolitics and the impact to corporate risk</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent verbal and written communication skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent analytical skills - ability to break down a complex problem into its primitives</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to manage multiple projects and work assignments and ensure that projects are tracking to deliverable dates</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Comfortable with ambiguity and handling confidential information</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proficiency in Google Workspace tools (Gmail, Docs, Sheets, Slides, etc.)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to analyze and compare data to make impactful recommendations</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>