<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Deal Desk Manager is a key member of the Global Monetization and Deal Desk Team, supporting the business across Asia Pacific, Japan &amp; China (APJC).&nbsp; This role serves as a trusted advisor to our finance organization, the Vice President of Asia Pacific, Japan &amp; China (APJC), and Vice President of Customer Success. Your goal is to maximize growth and minimize risk for our Enterprise business. You will be providing leadership support to the global team, including the following responsibilities:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Evangelizing the global pricing and business practices of Cloudflares’ Enterprise offerings</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Supporting the APJC sales team in structuring, reviewing, and approving strategic deals, including bid management across the Quote to Cash process</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Driving value pricing into the deals and our sales processes</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you’re excited about driving growth through global, cross-channel and cross-product initiatives and want to be part of a company that is helping to build a better internet, Cloudflare would love to talk to you.&nbsp; This role reports to the Head of Enterprise Monetization.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead global pricing and business practices in the region. Be seen as a subject matter expert for the function</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with the sales team in structuring and executing large/non-standard/complex/strategic deals.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Liaison with other functional groups (e.g., Legal, Deal Management, Finance, RevRec, Product/Engineering, Sales Operations) who are involved in the quote to cash cycle, from deal development to deal closure&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Enable deal formation.&nbsp; Engage sales early in the sales motion to guide and advise the team.&nbsp; Evaluate risk and mitigating factors. Perform pricing and margin analysis in an effort to maximize healthy growth, in conjunction with overall business initiatives</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with the global team to manage the international pricing and approval matrix, deal exception approval process, and large deal tracking&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with other internal teams to help build, streamline, and automate the Deal Desk processes. Provide input to other support functions to drive operational efficiencies</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Analyze deals to understand current sales motion, identify revenue opportunities, and support our executive decision making&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with global pricing strategy team to develop and refine pricing &amp; packaging strategies as well as maintain pricing tools (e.g., pricing calculator, discounting guidance, TCO calculators, ROI simulations, Salesforce integrations/rules)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Measure and track company and pricing KPIs to enable continuous improvements</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with sales enablement team to train &amp; equip sales team in the deal approval process, including pricing, deal desk approvals, and cross functional requirements</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelor’s Degree in analytical field (e.g., business, finance, mathematics, statics)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">MBA/ Graduate degree preferred, but not essential</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Minimum 7 years experience working on the deal desk/contract management team:</span></li>
	<ul>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop an in-depth understanding of the pricing models</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Provide support in conjunction with contracts, legal &amp; finance teams</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to analyze &amp; recommend the best course of action for complex pricing &amp; licensing situations.</span></li>
	</ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of Cloud Services, SaaS Software, and Solutions is highly recommended</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong knowledge of Microsoft Excel, including prior experience of financial modeling and analysis. Good working knowledge of SFDC CPQ, desirable</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Enjoys engaging with complex, cross-functional teams and individuals</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with complex cloud software solutions and sales is desirable.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Possess excellent written and oral communication skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proactive, creative, and results oriented individual</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>