<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Lisbon or London&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the Position:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare’s business requires a world class legal team to help the company deal with complex matters by anticipating complications and distractions, and guiding the company around those obstacles.&nbsp; We’re looking for a new team member who can help foster our unique corporate philosophy and approach, in which the security and privacy of our customers are paramount. This role is ideal for someone who is a proactive self-starter and strategic thinker, who has a thirst for knowledge and continued growth, all while working as part of a great team.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking for an exceptionally talented, energetic and friendly employment lawyer to join our legal team based either in Lisbon, Portugal or London, United Kingdom. You will play a key role advising on Cloudflare’s employment matters in EMEA (primarily UK, France, Germany, Portugal, Netherlands, Belgium and UAE, but EMEA coverage is ever expanding as Cloudflare grows), as well as providing legal support for our broader legal compliance initiatives. The perfect candidate is passionate about employment law and can channel that passion into solving complex problems and novel legal issues in a fast-paced multi-jurisdictional environment.</p>
<p>In this role you will:</p>
<ul>
	<li>Provide effective, business-focused, day-to-day advice to various internal stakeholders in EMEA, including our HR business partners, recruiting, rewards, new countries, and mobility teams on a broad range of issues relating to employment law across the region.</li>
	<li>Deliver clear practical advice that enables our business partners to achieve their objectives while mitigating legal risk and considering the interests of all stakeholders.</li>
	<li>Effectively collaborate with colleagues around the world.</li>
	<li>Advise and proactively work on the following areas: recruitment, contractual issues, immigration, whistleblowing, investigations, disciplinaries, terminations, contingent workforce/employee classification, gender pay reporting, diversity, inclusion and belonging initiatives, employment disputes and litigation, employee benefits, and other employment-related matters.</li>
	<li>Draft, review and revise internal processes, policies and workflows.</li>
	<li>Provide in person and online training to employees in EMEA on employment related matters, including harassment and discrimination.</li>
	<li>Work closely with outside counsel where appropriate either in obtaining cost-effective, business-orientated legal advice or helping supervise employment litigation.</li>
	<li>Keep up-to-date and advise on relevant laws, regulations, and industry trends on employee issues affecting Cloudflare’s businesses in EMEA.</li>
	<li>Contribute to wider global and/or cross-functional projects, including new country expansion initiatives and M&amp;A transactions.</li>
</ul>
<p>You have:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
	<li>Been admitted to practice law in an EMEA jurisdiction, or are permitted to practice law in the country of hiring (Portugal or UK).</li>
	<li>5+ years PQE either in a law firm or in-house (preferably with technology companies).</li>
	<li>Experience litigating cases in one or more jurisdictions.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Strong communication skills and cooperative team player. Lead with empathy and understanding while embracing diverse points of view. Flexibility to adapt and thrive in a fast paced environment.</li>
	<li>Ability to work cross-functionally, with lawyers and non-lawyers, to establish principled, thoughtful, and effective solutions efficiently and in an amenable manner.</li>
	<li>Ability to organize, prioritize, and manage many tasks on complex projects.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>