<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>This is a Remote-Based role located in the United States</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Department</strong></p>
<p>The Special Projects team at Cloudflare is responsible for our corporate strategy, corporate development, and strategic partnership efforts. We are involved at all levels of driving the company’s growth ranging from helping Cloudflare expand into new markets, to accelerating our product roadmap and commercial strategy, to helping solve complex cross-functional strategic and operational challenges.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a talented individual who thrives in fast-paced, high-growth environments to join the M&amp;A and Strategy team within our Special Projects organization. On the M&amp;A front, this person will help drive sourcing and execution of potential acquisitions and partner closely with M&amp;A integration leaders to ensure post-merger success. This team also leads cross-functional strategic initiatives to develop solutions to thorny business challenges identified by Cloudflare’s leadership or to explore new areas of opportunity.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In order to succeed in this role, candidates should demonstrate strong financial analysis and M&amp;A execution capabilities, ability to proactively drive initiatives end-to-end with limited oversight, proven ability to partner with cross-functional teams, and a strong interest in Cloudflare’s technology and the markets we compete in.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>Serve as a key member of Cloudflare’s corporate strategy and development team</p>
<p>Corporate development: Play a key role on all phases of M&amp;A from ideation through execution; partner with the Special Projects M&amp;A integration team.</p>
<p>Partner with cross-functional leaders to research and identify Cloudflare’s M&amp;A priorities</p>
<p>Help support deal sourcing efforts and growth of Cloudflare’s M&amp;A pipeline</p>
<p>Work with cross-functional teams (ex. product, engineering, finance, human resources, legal, etc.) to both lead and support various deal execution efforts</p>
<p>Own valuation and financial analysis workstreams</p>
<p>Corporate strategy: independently find and communicate thoughtful, well-informed solutions to complex operational challenges, and help jumpstart new initiatives that further Cloudflare’s mission to help build a better Internet.</p>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<p>4-7 years of work experience, including some combination of top-tier performance in investment banking, private equity / venture capital, and operational roles at high-growth B2B technology companies. Prior corporate development experience is a bonus.</p>
<p>Bachelor’s degree in a technical/quantitative or business-related field or equivalent practical experience. Degree in an engineering field is a bonus.</p>
<p>Interest in and knowledge of the internet infrastructure landscape and business models. Prior experience in cybersecurity, infrastructure, developer tools, and other B2B SaaS businesses is a bonus.</p>
<p>Exceptionally high levels of curiosity, empathy, and accountability.</p>
<p>Experience executing on high-visibility, time-sensitive strategic initiatives.</p>
<p>Willingness to roll up your sleeves and take on tasks no matter how big or small.</p>
<p>Excellent interpersonal and communication skills to articulate contractual, technical, financial and value points.Self-directed and self-motivated; excellent communicator and ability to build trust with both internal and external stakeholders.</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>