<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations - </strong>Austin, Texas</p>
<hr>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>The Manager - Operations Accounting role is a high-impact, high-visibility position responsible for leading the transformation of Cloudflare’s global Accounts Payable (AP) and Employee Expense functions. This is not a static management role; it is an operational leadership role where you will directly influence how our company scales globally. You will be tasked with building the foundation of the future-state AP and Expense processes, with a relentless focus on automation, standardization, and driving a robust SOX control environment. This role is paramount to the success of our global accounting function and requires a rare blend of deep technical accounting expertise (Big 4 background strongly preferred) and proven ability to problem-solve and execute major system changes. Crucially, you will be a key contributor to our complex, company-wide finance transformations ERP implementation project, ensuring a seamless transition and maximizing system value across the organization. If you thrive on implementing solutions, managing multiple complex workstreams, and providing the necessary technical guidance to support a fast-paced, publicly-listed company, this is the opportunity for you.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Lead Operational Transformation: </strong>Directly manage and refine the global AP and Employee Expense processes, pushing for end-to-end automation and standardization to align with industry best practices and support hyper-growth.</li>
	<li><strong>Problem Solving and Decision Making:</strong> Act as the primary escalation point for complex operational bottlenecks, using strong analytical skills to make sound, timely decisions that keep global operations moving forward.</li>
	<li><strong>Spearhead Systems Implementation: </strong>Serve as a core leader on major accounting-related system implementations, particularly the ERP project. This includes defining requirements, managing testing, data conversion, organizational change management and ensuring the final system design is implemented accurately.</li>
	<li><strong>Reconciliation and General Ledger Integrity: </strong>Oversee the reconciliation of AP and Employee Expense-related payments and transactions, ensuring their proper and timely recording in the General Ledger (GL) to support accurate financial close activities.</li>
	<li><strong>Merger &amp; Acquisition Integration: </strong>Lead billing, payment, and vendor migrations for merger and acquisition (M&amp;A) activity, including developing and implementing a scalable integration framework for future acquisitions.</li>
	<li><strong>Technical Accounting Guidance (Ad Hoc):</strong> Provide ad hoc technical accounting guidance for complex, non-routine transactions, leveraging your strong background to ensure U.S. GAAP compliance when needed.</li>
	<li><strong>Cross-Functional Partnership: </strong>Manage and act as liaison in certain Company-wide initiatives and cross-functional projects that directly impact accounts payable or employee expense collaborating effectively with stakeholders across Treasury, Tax, Legal, and FP&amp;A.&nbsp;</li>
	<li><strong>Team Leadership and Development: </strong>Oversee and mentor the global accounts payable team, fostering a culture of high performance, continuous improvement, and effective execution.</li>
	<li><strong>Compliance and Control: </strong>Ensure the procure-to-pay and expense processes meet all internal and external audit requirements as well as ensuring internal controls are appropriately designed and operating effectively across all areas of responsibility to maintain robust SOX compliance.</li>
	<li><strong>Forecasting and Flux Analysis: </strong>Provide AP cash flow forecasting to support free cash flow efforts and financial analysis for AP related account movements.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Technical Expertise:</strong> Public accounting audit experience in a managerial role required; Big 4 firm strongly preferred.</li>
	<li><strong>Certification:</strong> CPA, or international equivalent, is required.</li>
	<li><strong>Experience:</strong> 5+ years of progressive experience in an accounting or auditing role is required.</li>
	<li><strong>Leadership &amp; Problem Solving:</strong> Demonstrated ability to make sound decisions and manage multiple high-priority deliverables and workstreams simultaneously in a fast-paced environment. Strong leadership, organizational, and advanced problem resolution skills are essential.</li>
	<li><strong>Project Management:</strong> Proven ability to lead, organize, and manage projects from inception to completion that require coordinated efforts across multiple functional areas (Accounting, Tax, FP&amp;A, Treasury, Legal, Operations).</li>
	<li><strong>Communication:</strong> Excellent verbal and written communication skills; must be comfortable connecting and communicating with individuals at all levels of the organization.</li>
	<li><strong>Control Environment:</strong> Strong knowledge of SOX requirements, including the ability to assess, develop, and implement internal controls.</li>
	<li><strong>Mindset:</strong> Proactive and creative approach, strong analytical skills, and ability to navigate ambiguous situations, bringing options and providing clear recommendations.</li>
	<li><strong>Education:</strong> Bachelor’s Degree in accounting or related field.</li>
	<li><strong>Systems Proficiency:</strong> Proficient in Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>