<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>Systems Engineer - Compute Hardware</strong></h4>
<h4><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s Infrastructure group is responsible for building our global network. Our Hardware Engineering team helps research, design, test, and deploy new equipment enabling compute, storage, and network. Deployed across 200+ cities in 100+ countries, the hardware we select helps improve the security, reliability, and performance of the Internet.</span></h4>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We need to make thoughtful infrastructure choices affecting a significant portion of the Internet. Hardware we work with includes servers, routers, switches, optical equipment, power distribution units, cables, optics, and more. As a Hardware Systems Engineer, you will work with colleagues on the Hardware Engineering, Product teams, and Hardware Sourcing teams to evaluate and inform decisions around new hardware.</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design hardware (Compute, AI/ML, and accelerators across traditional system boundaries which are efficient, secure, reliable and serviceable) for cloud customer workloads</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and deploy Cloudflare’s next generation of servers, and other innovative technologies as part of Cloudflare’s data center infrastructure&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experiment with different designs and solutions for Cloudflare’s hardware and work cross-functionally with Product teams and Hardware Sourcing to enact your suggestions globally</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with vendors to obtain, debug, and maintain the most performant, power efficient and cost effective next-generation compute hardware and firmware for Cloudflare’s workloads</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop tools and automation to evaluate and optimize hardware performance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Communicate your results and updates through blog posts, internal talks, and tickets</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extensive experience with computer hardware architecture, design engineering, validation, performance benchmarking, debugging, and deployment used in the data center</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Relevant engineering disciplines include ASIC development, Computer hardware engineering and Electrical engineering.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Previous experience in testing, measuring, and/or simulating hardware performance and an understanding of no-stone-left-unturned experimentation</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Track record of driving engineering projects from idea to experiment to implementation</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrated success in working with ODMs and technology vendors</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Professional-level proficiency in Python, Go, or similar programming and/or scripting languages</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Good Linux systems knowledge</span></li>
</ul>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of XPU/accelerator architectures is a plus.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in a hyperscale cloud infrastructure role also valuable</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>