<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Location: Singapore</strong></p>
<p><strong>Our Mission</strong></p>
<p>The Security Response Team’s mission is to systematically respond to security threats safeguarding Cloudflare. We operate 24/7 across the globe to respond to security incidents, continuously improve our response capabilities, lead digital investigations and enhance our overall security posture. Our “Cloudflare on Cloudflare”, data and automation first philosophy makes us a cohesive team with high impact.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Role</strong></p>
<p>As an Incident Response Manager, you'll refine security processes, focusing on operations and response. Responsibilities span proactive threat management across edge, product, cloud, workloads, and containers. You'll lead a Security Response Hub assessing&nbsp; critical security events through triage, cyber-attack analysis, scoping, containment, and forensics. You will help create scalable analysis processes and methods, build response frameworks, and collaborate with IT, Engineering, Product, and Legal teams. This role demands diverse technical skills, such as tooling development, automation, custom log analysis, a solid understanding of OS internals, and deep technical expertise in threat detection, incident analysis, forensics and SIEM systems.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Vital leader of the Security Response team overseeing all operations within a region.</li>
	<li><strong>Incident Response Oversight:</strong> Manage regional security response hub , providing oversight to security incidents from detection to resolution, employing CI/CD principles for rapid response.</li>
	<li><strong>Team Optimization and Agile Learning</strong>: Ensure optimal staffing, focusing on continuous skill development and career progression within an agile security environment.</li>
	<li><strong>Resource and Vendor Management</strong>: Administer budget and manage vendor relationships, aligning with the strategic objectives of security operations.</li>
	<li><strong>Performance Engineering:</strong> Guide team performance, ensuring adherence to established SOPs and best practices in security integration.</li>
	<li><strong>Strategic Communication Protocols</strong>: Manage sophisticated communication protocols during incidents, ensuring clarity and timeliness.</li>
	<li><strong>Root Cause Analysis</strong>: Lead root cause analysis, utilizing CI/CD methodologies for quick identification and implementation of preventive strategies.</li>
	<li><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration</strong>: Facilitate collaboration across Product, Infrastructure, SREs, GRC, ensuring cohesive incident response strategy.</li>
	<li><strong>Continuous Process Improvement</strong>: Regularly refine incident response processes, incorporating the latest advancements for enhanced agility.</li>
	<li><strong>Strategic Leadership for Scalability</strong>: Provide visionary leadership, ensuring operational scalability and efficiency in line with business needs.</li>
	<li><strong>Team Development in a Security-Focused Culture:</strong> Cultivate a high-performance team, enhancing capabilities through training and development.</li>
	<li><strong>Incident Documentation and Process Automation</strong>: Oversee incident documentation, refining response playbooks and guidelines with a focus on automation in security processes.</li>
	<li><strong>Security Technology Management: </strong>Govern the development and maintenance of security tools, emphasizing integration in existing security pipelines.</li>
	<li><strong>KPI-Driven Performance Assessment</strong>: Implement and monitor Key Performance Indicators to evaluate and improve incident response effectiveness.</li>
	<li><strong>On-Demand Operational Readiness:</strong> Maintain readiness for critical incident management outside standard hours, integrating on-call responsibilities.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Senior Information Security Experience:</strong> Possess over 7 years in Information Security roles, with at least 5 years in leading incident response and/or security operations teams.</li>
	<li><strong>DevSecOps and CI/CD Implementation</strong>: Experienced in establishing and enhancing security operations in product or cloud-native environments, with a focus on integrating security practices within CI/CD pipelines.</li>
	<li><strong>Security as Code Expertise</strong>: Proficient in implementing Security as Code methodologies, automating security processes in alignment with agile development practices.</li>
	<li><strong>Proactive Goal Management</strong>: Skilled in independently defining and driving both immediate and strategic technical goals within a fast-paced security landscape.</li>
	<li><strong>Team Mentorship and Development</strong>: Demonstrated capability in coaching and guiding junior team members, fostering a culture of continuous learning within a DevSecOps context.</li>
	<li><strong>Technical Environment Mastery</strong>: In-depth understanding and hands-on experience with Linux/UNIX, MACOS, AWS, GCP, and Azure ecosystems, emphasizing security configurations and best practices.</li>
	<li><strong>Advanced Security Operations Insight:</strong> Extensive background in security operations, particularly in incident detection, response, investigation, and mitigation, within a continuous integration and deployment environment.</li>
	<li><strong>Security Tool Proficiency</strong>: Adept with advanced tools like SIEM, SOAR, and EDR, utilizing them for effective anomaly detection and incident response in a DevSecOps setting.</li>
	<li><strong>Programming and Scripting Skills</strong>: Strong proficiency in programming languages such as Python, Go, Ruby, complemented by expertise in SQL and other database query languages.</li>
	<li><strong>Effective Communication and Analytical Abilities</strong>: Excellent verbal and written communication skills, combined with robust problem-solving and independent judgment capabilities, vital for leading in a collaborative team environment.</li>
	<li><strong>Incident Response Communication</strong>: Seasoned in articulating investigative findings and strategies to diverse audiences including technical staff, legal teams, and internal stakeholders.</li>
	<li><strong>Leadership in Technical Team Growth</strong>: Track record of successfully managing, expanding, and steering technical teams, particularly in DevSecOps-oriented environments.</li>
	<li><strong>Incident Response Function Building</strong>: Passion for creating and nurturing a dedicated Incident Response function from scratch, aligning it with modern security and development practices.</li>
	<li><strong>Complex Attack Chain Knowledge</strong>: Comprehensive understanding of complex attack chains, especially in relation to intricate build and deployment pipelines.</li>
	<li><strong>Advanced Cloud Computing Deployment</strong>: Proficient in deploying diverse cloud solutions including IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, within a security-focused framework.</li>
	<li><strong>Regulatory Framework Acumen</strong>: Familiarity with key regulations and standards such as SOX, FEDRAMP, NIST, ISO, GLBA, PCI-DSS, GDPR, CISA, applying them effectively in a DevSecOps environment.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Comprehensive knowledge of digital forensics investigations, encompassing chain of custody, evidence procedures, investigative interviewing techniques, information management, and legal processes.</li>
	<li>Experience with designing incident response and security operations programs.</li>
	<li>Experience with software engineering, and designing custom security response tools.</li>
	<li>Experience with maturity and gap assessmentsGCFA, GCFR, GNFA , and/or Public Cloud Certifications</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>