<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Department:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s IT-Enterprise Applications Team is a crucial pillar of Cloudflare’s CIO Organization. It operates Cloudflare’s Enterprise Business Systems end-to-end, providing process cohesiveness across the functional business areas</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">:</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is seeking a highly motivated and experienced Salesforce Administrator to join our growing team. As a Salesforce Administrator, you will play a vital role for Cloudflare’s Sales organization. We are looking for a proactive individual that can help us continually improve and enhance our Salesforce platform, gathering requirements and feedback, designing scalable best practice solutions, and managing the product road map.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Salesforce Administrator will also be well-versed at following agile application development lifecycle process and providing technical documentation supporting defined solutions.Our Salesforce user experience is of great importance to us, therefore the Salesforce Administrator should enjoy all aspects of user management including support tickets, training, and designing solutions with user satisfaction a priority.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of Salesforce best practices and a proven track record of successfully implementing and maintaining Salesforce Sales and Service Cloud environments.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage and maintain the Salesforce CRM platform, including custom objects, fields, and forms in an integrated systems environment.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop custom solutions using point-and-click configurations (Apex development is a huge plus).&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with Team member and/or Stakeholders to Identify and gather business requirements, translating into best practice, scalable solutions with a focus on exceptional user experience</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support all aspects of user and license management including new user setup/deactivation, roles, profiles, permissions, public groups, OWD, sharing settings</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Execute salesforce configuration changes, including (but not limited to): Flow, assignment rules, approval processes, fields, page layouts, record types, dynamic layouts, apps, actions, custom settings, mobile administration, dashboards and reports</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Troubleshoot and resolve user issues in a timely manner and manage projects following agile best practices for application development</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify unused or underutilized platform features</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own the communication of any platform changes to end users and stakeholders</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stay up-to-date with new Salesforce releases</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desirable Skills, Knowledge and Experience</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">3+ years of experience as a Salesforce Administrator</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Certified Salesforce Administrator expert in Sales and Service cloud</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong understanding of Salesforce best practices and familiarity with security audit processes</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proficient with Salesforce Platform and Declarative configurations. Apex and Visualforce development knowledge is a plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience gathering requirements and providing solutions to meet business needs</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent communication and problem-solving skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Salesforce Sales and Service Cloud</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Lightning Experience and Salesforce app development</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with integrations and data migration</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Agile development methodologies</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>