<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is looking for a Senior Partner Marketing Campaigns Manager, who is dynamic, creative, and analytical. The individual has experience building through-partner demand generation campaigns, demonstrated familiarity with optimizing assets, offers and nurture programs to maximize partner campaign activation, and a track record of producing campaigns that generate new partner-sourced pipeline.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will own the demand generation campaign strategy and execution for Cloudflare Partner Sales globally, working closely with our Global Campaigns and Regional Field Marketing teams to leverage best-performing campaigns and optimizing them for partner pipeline delivery.&nbsp; You will conceive, launch, and manage new online campaigns optimized for partner business acceleration that span a variety of online channels – display, retargeting, email, direct mail, social, webinars, content syndication, to name a few. You have a natural inclination to measure the effectiveness of marketing activities, strong project management skills, and the ability to think strategically and orchestrate many moving parts.</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own the strategy and delivery of partner campaign kits for posting to the portal and for custom activation with strategic partner accounts</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design partner campaigns through multiple channels (email, PPC, display, paid social, webinars, etc.) to help achieve partner-sourced pipeline and revenue targets for Cloudflare One</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build effective reports to track partner campaign activation, performance and ROI&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop content to build and scale through-partner email nurture programs to help partners push qualified leads further down the funnel for conversion</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Create marketing assets (website offers, email templates, landing pages, banners, etc.) optimized for through-partner campaigns</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with other campaign managers to develop processes and enhance workflows for partner marketing and sales collaboration.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with cross-functional team members (Field Marketing, Partner Sales, Design, MarTech, Product Marketing, etc.) to support the orchestration of high-impact integrated online marketing campaigns</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Required 5+ years of proven experience in B2B marketing (enterprise software, SaaS, Security, etc.)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Must have 3+ years hands-on experience building through-partner campaigns with demonstrated strong partner-sourced pipeline delivery</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep understanding of different partner types and their routes to revenue&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Good understanding of account based marketing and all digital marketing channels</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with Salesforce, Marketo, HubSpot, Eloqua (or other marketing automation tools)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">In this highly visible role, you must be comfortable with reporting and communicating campaign efforts and impact across the organization</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Analytically inclined, exceptional organizational skills, with rigorous attention to detail</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work effectively, influence managing a wide set of stakeholders in a fast-paced and ever-changing environment with tight deadlines</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent written and stellar presentation skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extreme curiosity.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiar with channel marketing technology and platforms, including Through Channel Marketing Automation (TCMA) and partner portals&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Prior demand generation experience in a high growth company in the SaaS, security, or network space, combined with knowledge of how the Internet works is a plus.</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>