<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are a multi-facetted, full funnel B2B marketing team executing on both digital campaigns and in-person programs and virtual events. Our main focus is to build awareness and influence revenue by partnering with sales teams to provide pipeline dollars and drive more closed won deals. We deliver both digital and face-to-face interactions with prospects and customers that drive sales conversions forward.&nbsp; We are looking for a well-rounded, experienced B2B Marketer that will lead our marketing initiatives in the ANZ region that includes Australia and New Zealand.</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is looking for a strong B2B Enterprise marketing lead, who is dynamic, creative, and analytical. The individual has a track record of delivering smashing programs that generate new prospects and grow the marketing revenue pipeline. This person will be dedicated to growing our businesses in ANZ so a deep understanding and experience in driving the marketing generated pipeline in these markets are crucial.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will conceive, launch, and lead a series of digital campaigns that span a variety of online channels – Pay-per-click (PPC), Display, Retargeting, email, organic, social, webinars, content syndication, to name a few. You will also drive our in-person and virtual events strategy and end to end execution. You have a natural inclination to measure the effectiveness of marketing activities, strong project management skills, and the ability to think strategically and orchestrate many moving parts. You must have full working knowledge and expertise of the demand generation marketing funnel and lead flows. The right candidate will have the ability to work cross-functionally with all teams within the APJC region and in headquarters in San Francisco, with the goal of localising and amplifying the global campaigns and events to drive demand and generate leads.This is a regional role based in Australia. Deep regional experience and expertise is required for this role.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Reporting into the Head of Marketing, APJC based in Singapore</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">As the marketing lead, you will be responsible for both online and offline marketing strategies and tactics.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work in cross-functional teams and collaborate closely with global demand generation, product marketing, sales, marketing operations, sales ops and many others in the development, execution and measurement of marketing initiatives</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Align the marketing activities to support the sales goals for leads and opportunities</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Measure campaign impact through SFDC and Tableau reporting, evaluate campaign ROI, and present recommendations for improvement</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Plan, promote, and host field marketing events (trade shows, conferences, executive dinners, and workshops) across the&nbsp; region that capture prospects and help move them into customers.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be a champion to design and own experimental campaigns to help sales break into new markets and provide qualitative &amp; quantitative recommendations for optimisation.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will be responsible for the design, production, execution, and optimization of online marketing campaigns across multiple channels (e.g. SEM, organic/SEO, retargeting, email, webinars, etc.)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with cross-functional team members (Design, Sales, Marketing, Finance, Product) to orchestrate high-impact integrated marketing campaigns.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with the global marketing teams to optimise and localise global campaigns to ensure market relevancy.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Help and support other marketing functions such as Partner Marketing and Customer marketing to accelerate over business health&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ongoing project management of campaign execution across Marketo, Bizible, and Salesforce, including data hygiene. Manage campaigns timeline, ROI, and data-driven improvements through optimization.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own the ANZ marketing budget and be responsible for allocations across different channels (ABM, PPC and Events) to deliver lead and opportunity goals</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Communicate campaign results to key stakeholders.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Native and fluency in English language (both spoken and written) a must.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5-7 years proven experience in B2B marketing (enterprise software, SaaS, regional marketing and/or info security experience a plus)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">BA/BS in Marketing, Business, Economics, or other quantitative field</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">On the digital side, you will be responsible for the design, production, execution, and optimization of online marketing campaigns across multiple channels (e.g. SEM, organic/SEO, retargeting, email, webinars, social media, etc.). This person must be highly experienced in utilising platforms such as Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn, Twitter and other marketing platforms and previous experience in running search engine campaigns using platforms like Google, Bing, Yahoo! is mandatory.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">In addition, you must have experience creating strategy, planning, budgeting and managing trade shows, events, and conferences from start to finish</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Have proven track record of launching successful online and offline marketing campaigns and driving qualified leads in the funnel</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong project management/organisational skills and the ability to successfully manage multiple initiatives at once</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong interpersonal skills, collaborative, and the ability to coordinate across multiple departments in different time zones</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Results oriented with experience using qualitative and quantitative metrics with a focus on revenue, conversion, sales and other marketing goals</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Analytically inclined, exceptional organisational skills, with rigorous attention to detail</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced and ever-changing environment with tight deadlines</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Having a strong sense of curiosity and passion for learning</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exhibit strong&nbsp; stakeholders’ management and communication skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Hands-on experience with Salesforce, Marketo, and Google Analytics, will be an advantage.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Previous experience in a high growth company in the SaaS, security, or network space, combined with knowledge of how the Internet works is a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An established player in the business and marketing community with a strong business network which included media, marketing agencies, events organisers, social media platforms amongst others.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>