<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations:&nbsp;<span class="collapsed-field-text">Atlanta, Austin, Denver, New York City, Seattle, Washington DC</span>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Team</strong></p>
<p>We want to find the best people to join our team and then help you to do your best work. The Employee Relations Team is a new Center of Excellence within the People Team, with the mission to ensure our organization’s treatment of every employee is fair, respectful, and consistent with our Cloudflare Capabilities. To support that mission, this position’s responsibilities fall into proactive and reactive categories. Reactive responsibilities include handling complex investigations and partnering with business leaders on the performance management process. Proactive responsibilities include identifying and addressing trends to improve the overall employee experience at Cloudflare.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In this role, you will report to the Sr. Director, Employee Relations and support our Americas People Team Business Partners (PTBPs). You will be partnering with key stakeholders across Cloudflare in various ways, including those listed below:</p>
<h4><strong>What You'll Do</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>Operate as a trusted advisor, consulting with PTBPs and senior business leaders on complex organizational issues and challenging assumptions to create solutions that solve business problems.</li>
	<li>Conduct complex and thorough investigations into employee relations matters, providing fair and objective recommendations for resolution.</li>
	<li>Adhere to service level agreements for timely response and follow up to issues, including appropriate use of the case management system, effective and thorough documentation and reporting, and all associated processes.</li>
	<li>Build, analyze, and maintain ER metrics and present data to People Team partners on a quarterly basis.</li>
	<li>Conduct in-depth root cause analysis of ER trends, presenting data-driven stories in business language to influence talent decisions and advise on the productivity impact of attrition.</li>
	<li>Provide advice and guidance to managers in assigned business units to address employee performance issues, including the administration of the PIP or Package process.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Partner with the Learning and Development Team to develop training workshops/classes/toolkits for leaders.</li>
	<li>Assist with the updating of Company policies and responding to inquiries and concerns.</li>
	<li>Lead and coordinate major global ER projects, requiring significant analysis and the development of innovative solutions that have a broad impact on the ER model and company policy.</li>
	<li>Partner cross-functionally with key stakeholders, including Legal Compliance, Payroll, Benefits, and other departments to resolve employee issues in a timely manner.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>You have served on a People/HR team for a minimum of 8 years, 6 of which have been in an Employee Relations capacity.</li>
	<li>You are motivated by cultivating company culture, building great businesses and helping people do their best work.</li>
	<li>You possess strong knowledge of pertinent employment laws, as well as People Team management principles, practices and procedures.</li>
	<li>You have outstanding judgment and the ability to balance the needs of the company, managers and employees.</li>
	<li>You have a successful history of developing strong relationships and operating effectively through virtual support and in a distributed environment.</li>
	<li>You approach challenges with a solution-focused mindset, viewing obstacles as opportunities for improvement and growth.</li>
	<li>You have experience designing and leading change strategies for complex initiatives, partnering with stakeholders to co-create solutions and ensure buy-in.</li>
	<li>You are strategic, have a keen business acumen, and a track record of partnering closely with business leaders. You can articulate how People Teams bring value to an organization.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>You are a trusted partner who leads with empathy, building strong relationships through exceptional written and verbal communication. Your high emotional intelligence allows you to navigate sensitive situations with understanding and professionalism..</li>
	<li>You devote time and attention to supporting our employees, fostering strong relationships and sustaining the trust placed in you.</li>
	<li>You uphold the highest standards of integrity, communicating honestly, treating others with respect, and leading with dignity.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Equity</strong><br>This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong><br>Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family. Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun! The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S. &nbsp;</p>
<p>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits<br>● Medical/Rx Insurance<br>● Dental Insurance<br>● Vision Insurance<br>● Flexible Spending Accounts<br>● Commuter Spending Accounts<br>● Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits<br>● On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program<br>● Global Travel Medical Insurance</p>
<p>Financial Benefits<br>● Short and Long Term Disability Insurance<br>● Life &amp; Accident Insurance<br>● 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan<br>● Employee Stock Participation Plan</p>
<p>Time Off<br>● Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave<br>● Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>