<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>The Team</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking to hire an experienced Security Risk Management Specialist on our Governance, Risk, and Compliance team. This role will be responsible for identifying and managing security risk across Cloudflare’s production environment and critical business functions.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, risk management lays the foundation for protecting Cloudflare and our customers. The Risk team identifies risk throughout the company and prioritizes mitigation efforts to drive Security team priorities. We do not believe in tick-box security, so for us risk management is a pathway to doing things right.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This is an opportunity to join a rapidly scaling and world class security organization within a billion dollar business. We guarantee that you won’t get bored.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Implement Cloudflare’s risk management methodology&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead enterprise and targeted risk assessments across the organization&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify risk findings through vulnerabilities, security incidents, audits, and other security programs and determine how to integrate these into Cloudflare’s risk register&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Implement Cloudflare’s new risk calculation formula across the risk register and enterprise risks&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Drive risk treatment by determining risk ownership, recommending mitigation plans, and ensuring risks are included in technical organizations’ roadmaps&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with security managers and technical program managers to develop risk-based roadmaps and support Security Team planning discussions</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Implement and manage new Risk Governance processes with Security and technical organization leadership</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support risk updates to Executive leadership and Cloudflare’s Risk and Compliance Committee</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensure alignment between security risk and the internal audit and privacy teams</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Maintain our Security Risk Management Policy, supporting process documentation, and Cloudflare’s risk register</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support internal and external audits related to Cloudflare’s risk management processes</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Some travel may be required to engage teammates and stakeholders in San Francisco, Austin, or other global Cloudflare locations.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Senior level Security Risk Management experience typically gained in 8+ years experience working in GRC&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience communicating, conducting, and managing security risk assessments; recommending mitigating controls; and reporting findings to leadership</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience driving risk remediation and partnering with cross functional teams&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience implementing a security risk methodology including processes for risk identification, prioritization, mitigation, reporting, and monitoring</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience reporting on risks and program operations to management</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid understanding of security risk and control frameworks such as ISO 27001, NIST SP 800-37, NIST SP 800-30, and NIST SP 800-53</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS), OWASP Risk Rating Methodology, and the MITRE ATT&amp;CK Matrix&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid understanding cloud security architectures, technologies, and security controls&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong analytical and interpersonal skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Self-starter with the ability to work independently with a sense of curiosity</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>