<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About Product Experience(PX) team</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're a diverse group of creative people that love to learn, collaborate, and solve large-scale problems. We're looking for an inquisitive, curious, and talented Senior Product Designer to join our Product Experience team.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><strong>About </strong><strong>Emerging Technology and Incubation (ETI)</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Emerging Technologies &amp; Incubation (ETI) is where new and bold products are built and released within Cloudflare. Rather than being constrained by the structures which make Cloudflare a massively successful business, we are able to leverage them to deliver entirely new tools and products to our customers. Cloudflare’s edge and network make it possible to solve problems at massive scale and efficiency which would be impossible for almost any other organization.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Your work will impact and influence the user experience of a product used by millions of people daily. As a Senior Product Designer, you will work closely with other designers, engineers, product managers, and cross-functional stakeholders. While this is not a managerial role with direct reports, we expect our Senior Product Designers to lead by example and coach the team into doing their best work.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you're a systems-thinking Senior Product Designer who's excited to work on significant, meaningful, and complex problems with real-world impact, come help us make the Internet better! We'd love to hear from you. We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<ul>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrate talent and passion for designing end-to-end developer experiences.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Distill complex problems into approachable steps through researching, sketching, and sharing ideas with your cross-functional team.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with product managers and engineering leaders to work through technical tradeoffs that affect product roadmaps.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with other designers on the developer platform design team to collaborate on shared patterns, product vision, and design goals.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Facilitate design reviews with cross-functional teams.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Share what you learn internally and with the broader public designer, developer, and product communities.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Influence and contribute to the internal design process and team culture, supporting the team's current and long-term objectives.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bring in new tools and techniques to improve workflows, create designs, map out user flows, and share our work.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Make time to mentor other designers on the team and share your craft, learning as you teach.</span></li>
		<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Find ways to grow design's impact within the organization, spending time to share design decisions throughout the organization that would benefit other teams and product areas</span><strong>.</strong></li>
	</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge, and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep understanding of human-centered design.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">8+ years working in professional UX, product design, or front-end engineering roles.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Effective visual, written, and verbal communication skills.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Technical expertise and an understanding of data science are a plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understanding and interest in developer workflows and tools are a double plus.</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>