<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations</strong>: Austin, San Francisco, NYC, London.</p>
<h3><strong>About The Role</strong></h3>
<h3>You’ll be responsible for building new products that enable our customers to query, analyze, and search over the data they store in our Developer Platform.&nbsp;</h3>
<p>This role will be focused on shipping and rapidly iterating on next-generation distributed query engines, enabling customers to make the most of the structured and/or table data they already store in R2, and providing a platform for other product teams (such as <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/data-anywhere-events-pipelines-durable-execution-workflows/">Pipelines</a>) to tightly integrate against.</p>
<p>This includes growing <a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/vectorize/">Vectorize</a> (our distributed vector search database), working closely with <a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/r2/">R2</a> (our object storage) team, and ensuring what we build ties deeply into our compute platform: <a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/">Workers</a>.</p>
<h3><strong>What You'll Do</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li>Drive the strategy, roadmap &amp; ship products that expand Cloudflare’s data platform and how customers operate on the data they store on us.</li>
	<li>Lead projects from ideation through launch, and continuing through ongoing maintenance and support</li>
	<li>Develop and nurture relationships with engineering and coordinate closely to ensure successful delivery of product features</li>
	<li>Talk to developers (probably the most important)! You'll need to be crafty and develop a playbook to find the right users to talk to. This might include diving into our BI tools to find specific cohorts that are worth talking to, engaging on our developer discord, or heading straight to Twitter or Hacker News to engage and build relationships with the community.</li>
	<li>Partner with other departments such as Product Marketing, Marketing, Community &amp; Developer Relations, Sales, and Customer Support to drive adoption with and gather feedback from customers and prospects</li>
	<li>Ruthlessly prioritize across a complex environment of diverse customers, stakeholders and objectives</li>
	<li>Represent the company externally as needed, including meetings with customers and prospects and analysis</li>
	<li>Delve into market research to drive new investment opportunities in the database and data space.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Examples Of Desirable Skills, Knowledge And Experience</strong></h3>
<p>You have outstanding communication and collaboration skills and are able to work with a diverse group, get alignment, and drive the product forward. You are execution focused and emphasize getting things done while paying attention to important details.</p>
<ul>
	<li>Proven track record of shipping developer-facing products from ideation to launch</li>
	<li>Demonstrated experience with (any of) OLAP or HTAP databases, vector search and querying, and/or familiarity with modern structured table &amp; data formats such as Iceberg and Delta Lake. You should have a burning desire to become a domain expert in each of these areas as quickly as possible.</li>
	<li>A focus on the developer: you'll be working directly, and often be a part of the customer's team in helping them get their initial implementation off the ground</li>
	<li>BS/MS in a technology field</li>
	<li>Professional product management experience (3-4 years), previous founder experience or demonstrated experience on an engineering team shipping user-facing products.</li>
	<li>Strong technical abilities. You should be intimately familiar with modern software development practices used to build and deploy applications. You are capable of wading into the details &amp; understanding engineering decisions' impact on the product, but can also step back and take a 30k foot view.</li>
	<li>A desire to sweat the details and ship great end-to-end developer experiences. APIs, UIs, docs: all of these are part of the product.</li>
	<li>Experience using developer tools: you should have a favorite text editor, be familiar with composing CLI tools, and be the first user of the products you’re shipping.</li>
	<li>Scripting/programming experience (JavaScript/TypeScript, Rust, Go, etc.) and/or experience with SQL dialects.</li>
	<li>A love for talking to developers at organizations both large and small on a daily basis so that you can build and ship products that solve real problems</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>