<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Available Location: Lisbon, Portugal; London, UK; Singapore or Remote US&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>About the Role</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">We are seeking a Data Center Design Engineer to design Cloudflare’s pending and future infrastructure deployments for generational improvement in cost, quality, and speed of deployment. We are looking for someone who excels at progressing many projects in parallel, managing dynamic day to day priorities with many stakeholders, and has experience implementing and refining data center design best practices in a high growth environment.&nbsp; Getting stuff done is a must!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">The Data Center Strategy team is part of Cloudflare’s global Infrastructure (INF) team. The INF team grows and manages Cloudflare’s global data center/PoP footprint, enabling Cloudflare’s tremendous growth with compute, network, and data center infrastructure, utilizing an extensive range of global partner vendors.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>What you get to do in this role:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Translate data center capacity requirements into actionable white space design and/or rack plans within individual data center contract constraints for power, cooling</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Manage implementation phase of cage projects with data center providers</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Design low voltage structured cabling, fiber, cross-connect &amp; conveyance infrastructure as well as any supporting infrastructure on the data center ceiling/floor</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Work with supply chain team on rack integration plans and location deployment qualification</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Work cross-functionally with Cloudflare data center engineering team and other internal teams (capacity planning, network strategy, security) to verify scope and solution and create repeatable standard installation procedures</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Take ownership of and lead projects to design and implement data center expansions or new data centers on tight deadlines with minimal oversight&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Technical support in negotiations with external data center partners</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Assist in RFP preparation, review and cost/engineering analysis</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Review one-line diagrams and cooling equations for new and existing data centers (Data Center M&amp;E)</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Power component (PDU) review/approval for Hardware sourcing team</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Implement, document and maintain power consumption tracking tools and fulfil ad-hoc reporting requests</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Research new and innovative power efficiency technologies and programs</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Travel up to 25% to perform infrastructure audits, validate data center construction work and buildouts, and participate in commercial processes.</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Other duties as assigned</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Requirements</strong></span></h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Bachelors or equivalent experience plus 5+ years of experience in data center mechanical and electrical design and operations/deployment/installation, P.E. certification or equivalent a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experience in HVAC, Chilled Water Systems, Condenser Water Systems, Pump controls, Glycool/Glycols, AHU units (DX, split, RTU, CRAC, etc.), CRAH, Raised Floor Systems, HOT/COLD aisle containment and Building Management Systems</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Understanding of basic electrical theory (voltage, current, power), basic circuit design &amp; analysis, and single- and three-phase power systems</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Familiarity with Data Center M&amp;E infrastructure design concepts, electrical/UPS topologies, cooling methodologies (central plant, room cooling, high density thermal strategies)</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Familiarity with industry standards for resilient Data Center design and Uptime Institute Tier Classifications</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Excellent verbal, written communication and presentation skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experience working with multiple time zones and multiple cross-functional teams</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experience working on time sensitive projects with delivery responsibility under pressure</span></li>
</ul>
<h4><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Bonus Points</strong></span></h4>
<ul>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Degree in electrical/mechanical engineering or IT a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experience in large-scale mission critical facility infrastructure design, construction, commissioning, and/or operations a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experience with industry standards, building codes and safety standards including UMC, NFPA, ASHRAE, UBC, UMC and LEED, Uptime Institute</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Knowledge of programming languages a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">JIRA, Confluence admin-level experience a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">AutoCAD experience a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experience with FLOTHERM or Tileflow a plus</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>