<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h3>About the department</h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In </span><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/from-amp-to-signed-exchanges-or-how-innovation-happens-at-cloudflare/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Emerging Technologies &amp; Incubation</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> (ETI) we build and release new and bold products within Cloudflare. Rather than being constrained by the structures which make Cloudflare a massively successful business, we are able to leverage them to deliver entirely new tools and products to our customers. Cloudflare’s edge and network make it possible to solve problems at massive scale and efficiency which would be impossible for almost any other organization.</span></p>
<h3>About the product</h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we’re investing in </span><strong>consumer privacy</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: bringing new &amp; differentiated privacy and security capabilities to consumers at scale, democratizing our enterprise features, and introducing the Cloudflare brand to a larger audience beyond site &amp; infrastructure owners. </span><strong>Privacy is core to what we do</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, and it’s important that we do it without sacrificing performance, security, or the user experience of our products.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our </span><strong>1.1.1.1 + WARP</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cloudflare.onedotonedotonedotone"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Android app</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> makes browsing the Internet </span><strong>safer</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and </span><strong>more private</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> for millions of users by routing DNS queries through our 1.1.1.1 resolver and encrypting traffic to our edge through our </span><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/1111-warp-better-vpn/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">WARP</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> technology.</span></p>
<h3>About you</h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re looking for a </span><strong>Software Engineer</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to lead the development of our 1.1.1.1 + WARP </span><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cloudflare.onedotonedotonedotone"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Android app</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">, who is passionate and unwavering about </span><strong>privacy</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> as well as </span><strong>code quality</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and </span><strong>documentation</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In your role, you’ll be using </span><strong>Java</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and </span><strong>Kotlin</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to work on both the UI and the networking components of the app. You’ll be expected to improve the </span><strong>code quality</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and build solid, </span><strong>well-documented</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> foundations. While not required, you will be even more successful in this role if you have a good understanding of </span><strong>operating system concepts</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> (virtual memory, multi-threading, process lifecycle, etc.) and </span><strong>networking protocols</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> (IP, TCP, UDP, DNS, QUIC, H/3, etc.). You may also interact with other languages, such as Rust, Swift, C, C++, or JavaScript.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We expect you to make significant contributions to the design and implementation of major development projects, working closely with our product managers, designers, and other engineers within the company to lead the development and improvement of the WARP Android app.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This is a </span><strong>remote-friendly</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> position. Even if you work from one of our offices, we expect you to be comfortable working in distributed teams, and to have </span><strong>excellent communication skills</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></p>
<h3>Your responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead the development of the Android app: develop features from design and architecture to implementation and tests</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Establish and maintain high standards for code quality, tests, and documentation, to uphold the reliability and stability of the product</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with multi-functional teams and stakeholders (product management, design, etc.) spread across different time zones</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Present your work and give demos to colleagues and internal stakeholders</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Advocate for end-user privacy in all steps of the development process</span></li>
</ul>
<h3>What we need from you</h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrable experience working on Android consumer-facing or enterprise apps</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience designing and producing very high-quality software with excellent documentation</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with core networking protocols (IP, TCP, UDP, DNS, QUIC, H/3, etc.), OS networking APIs, and VPN technologies (such as WireGuard)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with core concepts of operating systems, especially Android’s (virtual memory, multi-threading, process lifecycle management, etc.)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to communicate, collaborate, and work effectively in a distributed team</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A kind and generous attitude towards customers and co-workers alike</span></li>
</ul>
<h3>What would make your even more successful</h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An understanding of how VPN technology works, and the trade-offs between privacy, security, and anonymity</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An understanding of the web and browser technologies, such as building web applications or services</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with debugging network-related problems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience working on a consumer product</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience working on a privacy-centric product or organization</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with DevOps practices and technologies</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Low-level OS knowledge of Android or Linux</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>