<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Employment Type: Fixed Term - 11 Months<br>Available Location: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia</strong></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Webinar Management: Plan, promote, and produce high-impact webinars that align with Cloudflare’s goals to attract, inform, and engage our target audience. This includes managing all aspects of webinar logistics from initial concept to post-event follow-up.</li>
	<li>Media Management: Work with digital marketing team to manage media owner support and delivery of webinar content through paid, owned and earned media channels; publishers will help create and host new content, and promote existing content.</li>
	<li>Speaker Coordination: Identify, invite, and prepare internal/external speakers, ensuring content is relevant, engaging, and tailored to the interests of cybersecurity decision-makers in the APJC region.</li>
	<li>Audience Development: Strategically attract the right audience for each webinar through effective promotion and collaboration with marketing and sales teams.</li>
	<li>Lead Development: Work closely with regional marketing and sales leaders to ensure webinar content and follow-up activities contribute to pipeline progression and conversion of MQLs into opportunities.</li>
	<li>Measurement and Optimisation: Use CRM and marketing automation tools to measure the performance of webinars across KPIs including MQLs, pipeline and sales accepted leads.</li>
	<li>Cross-Functional Collaboration: Liaise with global &amp; local marketing, sales, product teams, and external partners to ensure webinars are integrated into broader marketing and sales strategies.</li>
	<li>Reporting and Analysis: Monitor and report on webinar performance, using insights to optimize future webinars and lead follow-up strategies.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Required Skills &amp; Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Experience: At least 4 years of experience in webinar production or similar roles, preferably within the technology or cybersecurity industry.</li>
	<li>Communication Skills: Exceptional verbal and written communication skills in English, with the ability to engage and persuade a senior-level audience.</li>
	<li>Technical Proficiency: Proficiency with webinar hosting platforms and tools, as well as CRM and marketing automation platforms, including ON24, Zoom Webinar, Marketo, and Salesforce etc.</li>
	<li>Project Management: Strong organizational and project management skills, with a proven track record of managing multiple projects simultaneously.</li>
	<li>Team Collaboration: Ability to work effectively in a cross-functional team, building strong relationships with stakeholders across different regions and functions.</li>
	<li>Audience Insight: A deep understanding of the cybersecurity market and the challenges faced by decision-makers in enterprise companies across the APJC region.</li>
	<li>Language Skills: Fluency in English is required. Additional language skills relevant to the APJC region are a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Reporting: </strong>This position reports into the Senior Director of Marketing for APJC</p>
<p><strong>Employment duration:</strong> Fixed term - 11 month, with the potential for extension based on performance and business needs.</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>