<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Team</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Support Operations Group is a high-impact, team of software engineers, program managers, data analysts and product specialists. We are responsible for building intelligent automation systems that allow our customers to get maximum value out of the Cloudflare product. We provide tooling that enhances business efficiency for our internal customer facing teams while ensuring that our customers have a great experience at the forefront of all our efforts.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We work in an environment with short iterations, clear success metrics and a sustainable pace. We are a small team meaning you will have the opportunity to make a substantial impact from day one.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our applications generate a lot of data and it's the Data Analysts responsibility to detect patterns, extract significance, and communicate results. You will be responsible for creating reports and dashboards used at the org, team, and IC level that identify business opportunities to deliver the maximum impact to our top level objectives. Data driven decision making is one of our core principals, and as a Data Analyst your efforts will directly help shape the direction of work for all teams in our organization.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a member of a rapidly growing and evolving team, your responsibilities will include:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop compelling dashboards and automated reporting of key performance insights that can be used by the Support team</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with Support leadership to report on key business metrics to spot trends and answer important questions&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Help the product team to prioritize work by leveraging available data to identify high impact opportunities</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Coordinate with cross-functional stakeholders including finance, HR, finance, and others to deliver data required for monthly business reviews&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Participate in the early stages of projects to ensure that we always have success metrics defined</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Continue building a culture that is data driven and measurable decision making</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and maintain processes to organize and compare disparate data sets</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Highly skilled at writing SQL to query relational databases; knowledge of R or Python is a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Previous experience with Big Query, Data Studio (Looker), Amplitude, Google Analytics and Tableau</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to handle multiple high priority initiatives with a keen focus on data accuracy, quality, and consistency&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">7+ years experience in a business/data analyst role supporting customer-facing teams</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extensive experience creating compelling dashboards visualizations&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Critical thinking and the ability to deliver insights and recommendations based on the reports you will create</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong communication and presentation skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Self-starter with the ability to work independently</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stakeholder management and being able to work cross functionally</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Computer Science background or equivalent technical skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Previous experience in a technical support organization&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Expertise is creating effective visualizations in Data Studio for a stakeholders across multiple functional areas and levels</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A knack for managing internal stakeholders across cross-functional teams, timezones and level</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>