<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: <span class="il">Bengaluru</span></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Impact</strong></p>
<p>Our ideal candidate is a sharp, thoughtful, and collaborative problem solver, who enjoys identifying key business levers and challenges, and then building data science and analytics frameworks to enable strategic decision making. You will drive initiatives to support the rapid growth of our&nbsp; Self Serve business. You will work closely with your peers and cross-functional partners to help inform and crafts &amp; maintain key business reports and provide business insights and analysis with a robust foundation.</p>
<p>You also have a strong combination of business acumen and data science background, as well as an intense hunger to make a significant business impact by owning and driving business outcomes.</p>
<p>What we would like to see:</p>
<ul>
	<li>Well balanced skills - People have trouble pinning you down. Both business and technical/ data teams claim you as their own. You are equal parts technical and functional. You are equally comfortable and effective in persuading both technical and business audiences.</li>
	<li>Data science analytics expertise - You excel at designing and building new and impactful customer-centric KPIs and metrics to measure customer and competitive dynamics. You are equally strong at getting into the weeds and making sure that the data needed to support these metrics is consistent and available. You are very comfortable rolling up your sleeves when needed to write complex SQL queries and strive to balance speed with effective code design. You are adept at leveraging data science and algorithms frameworks in a practical business setting and have mastery over the fundamentals of machine learning techniques (such as regression, clustering algorithms and/or causal inference) along with cohort&nbsp;<span class="inline-comment-marker" data-ref="0932ca29-3832-4a66-88b2-4df230195335">analyses, supervised,</span>&nbsp;unsupervised learning and/or causal inference. You are able to use your expert understanding of data structures in order scope and define data needs to execute projects.</li>
	<li>Project ownership - You are able to independently lead, execute and oversee end-to-end projects with a high degree of ambiguity. You have strong organizational skills that enable you to manage multiple priorities, set expectations and collaborate across stakeholders, managers and peers.</li>
	<li>Business acumen - You are able to translate insights into relevant business recommendation, anticipate the needs of business stakeholders and connect the dots across various teams, research and insights in order to build convincing and synthesized business recommendations.</li>
	<li>Great communicator - You're capable of telling the story behind the data to an executive audience and you are a pro at building documentation&nbsp;that can simplify any complex story. You can customize your communication style based on stakeholders. You can easily translate a business question to analysis technique and provide specs to engineering teams or analysts.</li>
	<li>Data visualisation - You are a pro at leveraging visualization to build compelling stories based on context to integrate multiple pieces of information into cohesive insights.</li>
	<li>People leadership - You can influence decision making across peers and managers by supporting your point of view with data-driven insights.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Partner with&nbsp;finance, marketing, product, data science, BI and analytics organizations to drive outcomes</li>
	<li>Develop and implement quantitative analyses and frameworks, deep dive customer insights, predictive models and customer KPIs to enable performance measurement, decision-making and identify cause-effect relationships between business actions and customer outcomes</li>
	<li>Translate data insights into actions and self-serve data&nbsp;<span class="inline-comment-marker" data-ref="ddc8d848-f92c-474b-84d2-659a620528bf">products</span>; have a strong product mindset and proactively ideate and design relevant data products</li>
	<li>Design and execute experiments to achieve business objectives and drive optimization</li>
	<li>Develop visuals (charts, infographics) and presentations to clearly and effectively communicate findings and recommendations to stakeholders and leadership</li>
	<li>Partner with data and technical engineers to define data and tracking requirements</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Minimum Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>BA/BS in Marketing, Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Economics or related field with 3+ years of experience in data science, data analytics and/or decision science; or Master's degree in relevant fields with 2+ years of experience</li>
	<li>Advanced expertise in writing efficient SQL code across large and complex datasets (familiarity with CTEs, window functions)</li>
	<li>Experience with at least one scripting language - R or Python</li>
	<li>Practical experience in designing business metrics, time series analyses and forecasting techniques, cohort and survival analyses</li>
	<li>Fundamental knowledge of applied statistics and machine learning methods, such as regression, clustering, classification</li>
	<li>Proven experience with leading analysis-driven projects across definition, execution and presentation, driving and influencing strategy, product and marketing roadmaps</li>
	<li>Direct experience working with very large datasets</li>
	<li>Presentation experience and a proven track record of using insights to influence stakeholders and colleagues</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Experience leveraging cloud based big data technologies (Big Query/Hive, Snowflake etc.) and transforming/automating data within cloud architectures to blend data from multiple sources to answer multi-dimensional business questions</li>
	<li>Experience researching new techniques and utilizing open-source learning frameworks (e.g. scikit-learn)</li>
	<li>Familiarity with causal inference and attribution techniques</li>
	<li>Familiarity with SaaS/ Internet Security Business</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>