<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: </strong>Austin, San Fracisco, or Remote, US</p>
<p><strong>About Us</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers trillions of requests per month. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare have all web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Technology Pioneer and named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! &nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the role:</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are seeking an <strong>IT Product Manager, GTM/Partner Systems</strong> to lead a variety of strategic systems initiatives within Cloudflare. The IT Product Manager will serve as a “trusted advisor,” the strategic interface between a variety of GTM/Partner business areas such as Sales, Marketing, Partners/Alliances, and Post-Sales and the Enterprise Applications team with the focus on business technology strategy development, requirements discovery, risk and service management. The IT Product Manager will be the main technology functional expert for all GTM/Partner internal business systems, having a holistic view of the end-to-end process from a systems point of view. This means that while the role will primarily be a partner to the GTM/Partner teams, it would also have to partner with other functions, like People/Payroll, Finance, Security, and Legal to ensure the overall GTM/Partner process operates effectively and cohesively.&nbsp; The Product Manager will proactively share knowledge of technology risks and opportunities to build competitive advantage and improve efficiency and effectiveness of business units. The candidate will partner with business leadership and other key stakeholders to define opportunities and identify and prioritize projects based on predefined criteria.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><br><br></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Operates as the main point of contact and partner to both the business (specifically GTM/Partners) and the IT Enterprise Applications (delivery) team.</li>
	<li>Partners with the business to help gather and document business requirements, objectives, and business outcomes and end-users needs to connect people, process and systems.</li>
	<li>Leads the vision and strategy for product scrum team and __ with product owners to help develop vision and roadmap.</li>
	<li>Drives and heavily influences the overall GTM/Partner IT roadmap ensuring the focus is on business performance and scalability while limiting IT risk.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Provides knowledge transfers and vision to technical teams and technical program managers (TPMs) ensuring clean and clear requirements are understood by those responsible for project management of implementation through go-live.</li>
	<li>Maintains routine communication with business stakeholders and the IT delivery leads ensuring constant alignment on system roadmap placement and timelines.</li>
	<li>Track the technology market discovering and staying attuned to newly released GTM/Partner applications and/or new product capabilities that align with existing technology in Cloudflare’s techstack.</li>
	<li>Leads and nurtures platform vendor relationships including influencing and understanding vendors’ upcoming roadmap deliverables and sharing with the business to match with the overall business vision and goals.</li>
	<li>Partners with the Procurement team and helps lead the vendor selection process for onboarding new technology.&nbsp; This includes vendor research, evaluation scoring, participating on demos, and presenting recommendations to leadership.</li>
	<li>Adheres to and instills the IT Planning and Governance structure including running monthly GTM steering committee meetings, meeting with functional leaders on a routine basis, and providing routine alignment between the GTM/Partner business and IT teams.</li>
	<li>Leads weekly roadmap meetings with delivery leads to collaborate on business priorities and roadmap placement and works with the appropriate teams to manage risks and capacity related issues.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge, and experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>BA/BS in Business Administration or Computer Science, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.</li>
	<li>Minimum of 7 years experience with GTM/Partner system experience including complex knowledge and deep understanding of sales operations - specifically partner sales.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Experience with GTM/Partners systems such as Salesforce Experience Cloud (PRM), Zift (campaign management), and other sales/partner technologies are required.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Business knowledge of GTM/Partner sales functions and cycles.</li>
	<li>Strong sense of urgency, ability to manage priorities and tight deadlines in a fast-paced and ambiguous environment.</li>
	<li>Strong ability to communicate with executive leadership, think on a strategic level, and communicate the strategy across the various product teams.</li>
	<li>Highly organized and able to juggle many tasks without losing sight of the highest priority items.</li>
	<li>Demonstrated ability to communicate clearly to technical and non-technical audiences, and project manage multiple concurrent projects with varying internal stakeholders and demands.</li>
	<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively and efficiently in a global fragmented environment.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>