<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Department</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s Engineering Team builds and runs the software that helps power 20+ million Internet properties. The Engineering Team is split into two groups: one handles product development and the other handles operations. Product development covers both new features and functionality and scaling our existing software to meet the challenges of a massively growing customer base. The operations team handles one of the world’s largest networks with data centers in 102 cities worldwide.</span></p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Engineering Programs &amp; Productivity team has a charter to build tools and services that help easily integrate a base set of capabilities into Cloudflare’s products. These services have cross cutting concerns that 100s of fellow engineers use as the building blocks at Cloudflare. The team also writes customer-facing software that is redundant for each product development team to build and that serve high volumes of requests every day.</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Senior Software Engineer, Engineering Programs &amp; Productivity gets the rare opportunity to engage across every major development team at Cloudflare. Whether closing gaps in our event-logging or creating an alerts notification platform, the Senior Software Engineer is critical to Cloudflare’s ability to scale our people organization to match the reach of our products.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will be responsible for designing, building, running and scaling application services. You will work in technologies such as Go, Kubernetes, React, Javascript, PHP, Lua, Salt, Kafka and PostgresSQL. We are looking for good engineers regardless of experience with any of these specific technologies.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Desirable skills and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">More than 3+ years of experience building large-scale software applications</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience designing and integrating RESTful APIs</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience building web applications using modern JavaScript frameworks</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of SQL and common relational database systems such as PostgreSQL and MySQL</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent debugging and optimization skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Unit/integration testing experience</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Interest in opportunities to be a technical mentor for teammates</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Go</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Kafka</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with PHP, React.js</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Kubernetes</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>