<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About The Team</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We build security products for our customers and work mostly in Go and Rust. One of our challenges is developing and deploying machine learning models that can withstand a huge scale of 50 million peak requests per second. Our flagship Machine Learning products are </span><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/data-generation-and-sampling-strategies/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">WAF Attack Score</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and </span><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/detecting-magecart-style-attacks-for-pageshield/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Page Shield ML</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our Software Engineers with a focus on Machine Learning work with Data Scientists, Product Managers and Security Analysts to develop and deploy ML algorithms which aim to protect customers against application and network vulnerabilities (at L3 and L7), by analyzing data passing through our network. We also build systems to help customers understand this data themselves.</span><br><br></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are seeking an experienced Software Engineer with a focus on Machine Learning to join our team. The successful candidate will work on designing, developing, and implementing Machine Learning algorithms and models to deploy scalable Machine Learning models. This is a hands-on position where the candidate will have the opportunity to work in our security portfolio that includes the Web Application Firewall (WAF) Machine Learning products to build industry leading unique solutions. The candidate should be experienced in developing high-performance and enterprise-scale services and have a proven track record of delivering performance and maintaining operational stability.</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with our Data Scientists to integrate and deploy scalable Machine Learning models at Cloudflare’s&nbsp; EDGE&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and identify opportunities for ML deployment</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Implement Machine Learning models in production systems and monitor their performance in real-time.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Continuously improve the performance and scalability of existing Machine Learning models.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify, diagnose and resolve issues in production environments</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contribute to our MLOps Platform to ensure the platform's evolution</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrable commercial software development experience in highly performant languages like Rust, Go or C++ and dynamic languages such as Python</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven experience in running high performance and enterprise scale services at pace and at scale whilst maintaining operational stability</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability in sustainable collaboration across cross-functional teams to define, drive and scope solutions, communicate trade offs, execute and deliver.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrated ability to deliver and listen to feedback.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to deliver performance (what) with the right behaviors (how)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">These are things which the role is likely to require; we’re happy to help you learn on the job, but prior experience is beneficial</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Software Engineering and/or Machine Learning experience in Rust&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with deploying Deep Learning models in production systems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with development and deployment of Natural Language Processing (NLP) applications</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>