<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>About the Role</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The VP of Global Campaigns and Demand Generation will be responsible for driving global customer growth for one of the world’s largest and fastest-growing global cloud companies. This role will manage the global campaign and demand generation teams who are responsible for all campaigns, demand generation, and digital marketing activities, while managing a large and growing program spend budget. As a senior, strategic, hands-on leader, you’ll partner with other leaders and stakeholders across Cloudflare to build integrated, highly-targeted campaigns and programs that drive customer acquisition, retention, and expansion. You will work cross functionally with Product Marketing, Field Marketing, Sales and Customer Success to drive highly measurable ROI on investments. You’ll also navigate unforeseen obstacles gracefully in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment. This role will report directly to the CMO and is a highly visible leadership role within the Cloudflare organization which will have a significant impact on the long-term growth of the fast-growing Cloudflare business.</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven leader and motivator with deep experience building campaigns and leading large, global demand generation organizations.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">At least 15 years experience in the SaaS/Cloud industry, with 10+ years in an executive leadership position in Marketing and oversight of demand generation for a $300M-$5 Billion ARR company. Cyber-security and/or B2B infrastructure marketing experience to CIOs, CISOs, infrastructure leaders, developers, and security practitioners is important.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in organizations with a complex, strategic sale where best practices AND technology define a customer’s success.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Expertise in ABM and the entire ABM and enterprise Marketing tech stack.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Significant experience working with large, global enterprises.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Hire, develop, and lead a diverse global team of highly-talented marketing professionals across demand generation, campaign marketing, and digital marketing.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Scale our global marketing efforts, define and improve KPIs, manage a significant (and growing) acquisition budget, and assume primary responsibility for exceeding pipeline opportunity goals each quarter.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and execute programs to drive pipeline and closed revenue, leveraging key channels such as digital advertising, paid search, web marketing, email marketing, nurturing, video, webinars, direct mail, events, field activities and more.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Drive continued growth of our self-service business with targeted campaigns and programs.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner closely with Product Marketing to define campaign priorities and promote new products and features to new and existing customers.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Drive continual improvement in lead conversion rates, close rates and other KPIs.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Align closely with Sales partners to execute an effective Account-Based Marketing (ABM) strategy.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrate a strong commitment to ongoing sales and marketing alignment.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ideally located in the Bay Area (we are a remote culture but Bay Area is preferred).</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>