<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Department</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Security at Cloudflare is a focused team committed to helping secure both Cloudflare and our customers. The Detection and Response team is responsible for detecting threats and responding to security incidents across the organization.</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for an experienced Detection Engineer to join our Detection and Response team. The role is a Senior position, coming in with years of real world experience in identifying threats and translating them into actionable detections, developing playbooks, and continually striving to improve our detections and visibility. The successful candidate will help define and execute strategy for threat detection and incident response. You will perform threat modeling of complex systems and infrastructure, build detections based on indicators observed during incident response and SOAR (security orchestration, automation and response) workflows to detect and respond to security threats.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a part of a larger Security organization, you will be working with across-functional teams, </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">such as Product, Engineering, IT and Security to influence and develop security products and practices.</span></p>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">2+ years of experience in leading tier 2 or tier 3 Incident Response in production and corporate environments</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Expertise in a broad range of </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">security</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> technologies</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> such as </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">EDR, network security, IAM, Zero Trust, public cloud security, etc.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proficient in security monitoring, and building actionable alerts from large datasets to automate Incident detection and response process.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience “threat hunting,” i.e. using threat intel to proactively and iteratively investigate potential risks and finding suspicious behavior in the network.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of attacker methodologies and techniques.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proficient in programming </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">in</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Python</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and/</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">or Golang.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in malware reverse engineering</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience building detections on Linux systems using auditd, osquery etc.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with securing a</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> modern tech infrastructure stack using containers, distributed databases, message brokers, private and public cloud infrastructure etc.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with disk forensics using tools and libraries like LiME, Encase, Recon, etc.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>