<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s business requires a world class legal team to help the company deal with complex matters by anticipating complications and distractions, and guiding the company around those obstacles. We’re looking for a new team member who can help foster our unique corporate philosophy and approach, in which the security and privacy of our customers are paramount. This role is ideal for someone who is a proactive self-starter and strategic thinker, who has a thirst for knowledge and continued growth, all while working as part of a great team.</span></p>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for an exceptionally talented, energetic and friendly program manager to join our legal team as a Regional Program Manager, Legal Compliance (EMEA) based in Lisbon, Portugal. You will play a key role executing the day-to-day nuts and bolts of our legal compliance within the EMEA region, including company compliance with new laws and regulations, establishing corporate presence in new countries, internal investigations, conflicts of interest disclosures, gifts and entertainment requests, training and communications, as well as project management of other cross-functional compliance initiatives. The perfect candidate is passionate about compliance and can channel that passion into solving complex problems and novel legal issues in a fast-paced environment. As part of the job, you will:&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage Cloudflare’s </span><strong>company compliance with new laws and regulations in the EMEA region</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, working closely with our public policy, legal compliance and regional legal teams;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage compliance initiatives associated with setting up </span><strong>corporate presence in new countries</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> within the EMEA region;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support Cloudflare’s </span><strong>internal investigations program</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, including management of investigation case files, conducting witness interviews, collecting supporting documentation, and drafting final reports;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist with the administration of Cloudflare’s </span><strong>compliance training and education program</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, including the design of regional compliance training content, target audience identification and effectiveness measurement;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist with Cloudflare’s </span><strong>conflict of interest disclosure process</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, including review and approval of potential employee conflicts and gift and entertainment requests</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">as well as policy training;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist with execution of a regular integrity and </span><strong>compliance communications strategy within the region</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">; and</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Project manage a variety of other </span><strong>cross-functional compliance initiatives</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></li>
</ul>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The above list is representative and additional responsibilities may be assigned, as required by the need for the compliance program to support Cloudflare’s Legal team with agility in a dynamic environment.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">6+ years of program or project management experience</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with an in-house legal department preferred; experience at a tech company, especially as part of a compliance team, is a huge plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience conducting and participating in complex investigations and witness interviews highly desirable</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Detail-oriented, well-organized and technically-adept</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent written and oral communication skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with the following software tools helpful not not required: Google suite, Navex (EthicsPoint, RiskRate, Disclosures), Litmos, Marketo</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong interpersonal skills and experience in working cross-functionally with a variety of teams, with lawyers and non-lawyers, including engineering teams, sales teams, and product teams, to establish effective solutions efficiently and in an amenable manner.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">The ability to manage multiple matters / projects for multiple teams.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Self-starter with the ability to learn in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An ambitious mindset that enables you to successfully work independently with little guidance, but also to use good judgment and call out issues when needed.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience delivering in-person and/or virtual trainings and workshops</span></li>
</ul>
<h4><br><br></h4>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>