<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Strategic Industry Leads </strong><strong><br></strong><strong>Director / Senior Director</strong><strong><br></strong><strong>Location: London, Lisbon, Munich&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>About Us</strong><strong><br></strong>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today we run one of the world’s largest networks, powering millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code.</p>
<p>We hire curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we support them throughout their time here. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team.</p>
<p>Cloudflare recently announced key partnerships across multiple industries, enabling some of the world’s largest organizations and their millions of customers to benefit from Cloudflare’s faster, more reliable, and more secure edge network and connectivity cloud. To further drive these initiatives, we are seeking a <strong>Director or Senior Director, Industry Lead</strong>. This role reports to the VP, Global Head of Industries.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Spend 80% time with customers, prospects and partners to build Cloudflare footprint in specific industries and geographies, ensuring a deep understanding of their priorities, challenges, and opportunities<br><br></li>
	<li>Scale, build, and lead a world-class, cross-functional industry team that sustains efficient, long-term growth and serves as a repeatable model for multiple industries.<br><br></li>
	<li>Understand the market, develop internal and external partnerships, and act as an industry leader at the intersection of technology and targeted verticals (e.g. financial services, healthcare, media, retail, CPG).<br><br></li>
	<li>Create and drive new strategic go-to-market plans in coordination with sales, product, marketing and customer success teams to meet growth and market share goals.<br><br></li>
	<li>Lead industry thought leadership efforts through executive briefings, speaking engagements, and high impact content that strengthens Cloudflare’s brand presence in target markets.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
	<li>Assess sales methodologies and structure, implementing necessary adjustments to optimize performance and build the infrastructure for aggressive growth.<br><br></li>
	<li>Maintain strong reporting and accountability against goals, exceeding quotas while developing motivating incentive tools.<br><br></li>
	<li>Serve as a strategic advisor to the VP, Global Head of Industries and the broader Executive Team, influencing key business decisions. <br><br></li>
	<li>Build and leverage strong industry and customer relationships to inform product direction, solution, and process improvements.<br><br></li>
	<li>Develop a metrics-driven sales operations function with massive sales capacity and coverage.<br><br></li>
	<li>Recruit, inspire, lead, mentor, and instill operational rigor and accountability into the sales organization. <br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Key Experience &amp; Expertise</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>High Growth at Scale:</strong> Led organizations through rapid growth ($1B to $5B+), building processes and strategies for repeatability and scalability.<br><br></li>
	<li><strong>Go-to-Market Expertise:</strong> Experience leading complex, multi-product sales into a multi-segment (SMB to Enterprise) customer base.<br><br></li>
	<li><strong>Infrastructure SaaS:</strong> Background in cloud-native, technical infrastructure SaaS with predictable, recurring revenue models.<br><br></li>
	<li><strong>Operational Rigor:</strong> Proven success implementing data-driven operational improvements in sales enablement, hiring, and productivity.<br><br></li>
	<li><strong>Strategic Leadership:</strong> Execution-focused leader with the personal drive to navigate fast-growing, evolving markets.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Technical Expertise:</strong> Proven technical expertise to operate in network, cybersecurity and AI infrastructure space</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>