<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Department:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s IT/Enterprise Engineering, Planning and Governance Team is a crucial pillar of the CIO Organization. It manages programs and initiatives across IT Infrastructure, Enterprise Systems, and Enterprise Engineering to enable Cloudflare internal teams to operate most efficiently. The team establishes end-to-end governance principles and frameworks, leads business partnering, drives program planning, execution and demand capacity management.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About the role:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">High-growth companies tend to evolve quickly as they grow, so we are looking for talented individuals who thrive in a fast-paced environment and crave ambiguous problems. This role will be to work with the business teams to translate their real-world needs into technical specifications.&nbsp; Our large programs span over multiple quarters involving Engineering, various Business Verticals, and Technical Operations teams. In this role, you will play an active part in analyzing, planning and documenting project requirements and will be responsible for tracking dependencies, schedules and raising issues and risks.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with product management, IT, and enterprise engineering to interpret user needs and refine software requirements, translating business and technical requirements into future design and project phases (set viable estimates on timeline and level of effort).</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Document user stories and generate Business Requirements Documents (BRD).</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work on the prioritization of new features based on usability, functionality, and user experience.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Represent requirements in appropriate visual or graphical representations ( i.e. graphs, diagrams, flowcharts, etc.)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and maintain strong relationships outside of the ITPG team (e.g. Product, Infrastructure, Business Intelligence, IT, Enterprise Engineering, etc) to aid in escalation and resolution of issues.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support overall SDLC phases, particularly design, discovery, and user acceptance/end-to-end functional testing (UAT), and help facilitate various business testing cycles.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support the technical architecture design and documentation for high-demand and high-visibility cross-functional IT and Enterprise Engineering initiatives.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Provide Program Management with comprehensive project overview and transition all necessary documentation;&nbsp; provide support during implementation as appropriate.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Degree in a related field such as information systems, software engineering, or computer science, or equivalent experience.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">7+ years experience with software development, product management or managing end-to-end execution of programs.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong analytical skills and the ability to research issues, make evaluations on problems and recommend viable solutions.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exceptional written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively and efficiently in a global fragmented environment.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to build strong relationships with senior security stakeholders and quickly build credibility and be viewed as a trusted advisor.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid grasp of technical writing and translating clients' needs into a working document.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with lifecycle management and product management in a fast-paced software environment.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to exercise technical judgment in identifying software engineering challenges involving bug triage, source control, continuous integration, etc., and communicate those findings to the appropriate engineering team.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven working experience in process optimization and the management of a system implementation project.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of systems engineering principles and processes, including configuration management processes.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An analytical person who is self-reliant, pro-active with excellent problem solving skills.</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>