<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4>About the job</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is looking for a Product &amp; Intellectual Property Counsel to join the Legal team. The role is based out of our Austin office.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The ideal candidate has enthusiasm for innovative technology and partnering with product and engineering teams throughout the software development life cycle and product commercialization. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">You'll evaluate and provide guidance on novel legal situations and create new precedents. Cloudflare’s innovative services raise challenging questions that demand creative and practical solutions at the intersections of the law and new technology. </span></p>
<h4>What you'll do</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a legal generalist, you will be asked to advise on a wide range of legal issues related to the products you support. For example, in this role you will:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proactively assess legal risks and advise our product and engineering teams on products that not only revolutionize how information is exchanged on this planet, but also move information and Internet law into the future.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Translate legal advice into actionable guidance for cutting-edge product and engineering teams, often under tight deadlines.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Draft terms of service, disclosures, and policies, and help implement related processes.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Practice the principles of privacy-by-design and assist the privacy team in analyzing data flows and performing privacy impact assessments and other privacy-focused deliverables.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Review open source licenses and inbound intellectual property licensing arrangements.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solicit invention disclosure forms and protect Cloudflare’s trade secrets.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with our product and marketing teams on product marketing collateral and product claim substantiation.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build new and improve upon existing processes for providing legal services to help us pave the way for continued expansion.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">JD degree with strong academic credentials and admitted to practice law in at least one U.S. jurisdiction.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">3+ years of law firm and/or in-house experience, preferably with technology companies. Prior experience with Internet security and infrastructure companies is desired.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Technical background / expertise is highly desired. While a science or technical degree is not a prerequisite for this job, a passion for technologies is.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with copyright law and Internet law is desired (e.g., net neutrality, DMCA, CFAA).</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong communication skills and cooperative team player. Lead with empathy and understanding while embracing diverse points of view. Flexibility to adapt and thrive in a fast paced environment.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work cross-functionally, with lawyers and non-lawyers, to establish effective solutions efficiently and in an amenable manner.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to organize, prioritize, and manage many tasks on complex projects. Experience with Jira or other project management solutions is desired.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>