<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the department</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is searching for a Creative Director to lead the Brand Design team. The team consists of visual designers focused on supporting design systems, product marketing, Brand &amp; Demand Gen campaigns, Web &amp; UX, creative operations, video, animation, and so much more. We believe in working hard, creating high quality creative work and most importantly: having fun along the way. We work on a wide range of interesting &amp; impactful projects including: a current brand refresh, brand advertising campaigns (digital and out of home), videos &amp; motion graphics, event + trade show creative, corporate events, global office creative, interactive design (corporate website, digital campaigns), and more.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What we’re looking for</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are an inspiring creative leader and are committed to delivering purpose-driven and user-focused design &amp; creative work. You are committed to mentoring and leading a creative team of visual designers to reach new heights. You strongly believe and constantly demonstrate that superb creative tells inspiring &amp; impactful stories, and is a major driver in helping companies achieve results. You’re equal parts creative strategist, mentor/leader, and skilled craftsperson.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will manage our in-house team of visual designers, and inspire them to push our curiosity and creativity into new dimensions. You have your finger on the pulse of design and brand trends, and prioritize coaching &amp; mentoring the team to improve their skills and inspire them to do the best work of their careers. You will also look for new ways to grow the team’s talent, and expand the team’s freelance and agency bench.</span></p>
<p><strong>You will</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead and set the company-wide direction for Cloudflare’s visual brand</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Inspire the team to create work that aligns with Cloudflare’s strategies and goals</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Help the team develop creative experiences that clearly express the capabilities of our very technical products and solutions and in a way that is accessible to all audiences.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead the development of unique, compelling advertising campaigns to build awareness for Cloudflare and differentiate our brand.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Plan for hiring and resourcing needs to grow our in-house team through freelance or agency support</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Protect the integrity of the Cloudflare brand, and also know that every great brand must evolve - it’s up to you to help lead the evolution in accordance with the company’s goals</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead the team to creatively explore, set trends, and push boundaries</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with our partners in Marketing, Product Design, and Content to determine and align our creative work with our company-wide plans&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with the creative team to continue to implement a cohesive visual style and brand design language for all brand experiences</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with cross-functional marketing leaders to discuss creative effectiveness, experimentation results, and lead the team to iterate and improve based on data</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Oversee the prioritization and assignment of all creative requests, and partner with the Creative Operations Manager to establish processes to keep the team happy, creatively inspired, and focused on priorities</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Help onboard and guide the work of creative agencies and freelancers according to budgets, timelines, and scope</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You have</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">10+ years of experience as a Creative leader at a top brand or agency, with 5+ years experience managing high-volume, motivated creative teams (in-house or creative agency)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A visually compelling portfolio of inspiring creative for B2B and / or SaaS brands across multiple formats and channels</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Technical aptitude, curiosity, and an understanding of the Internet ecosystem and its technical audiences (experience leading creative for cybersecurity or Internet-related SaaS business is highly preferred)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to effectively influence both internal and external stakeholders across all levels of the organization</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent coaching abilities, and experience attracting and developing top-tier creative talent</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience developing and evolving brand &amp; marketing design systems, visual languages, and brand identities</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity in applying best practices for growth marketing and digital ads to our brand goals and personality</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience coordinating and directing the work of other designers and creative talent</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience presenting creative ideas to the team, partners and executives</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Growth mindset, and a continuous passion for learning, with a curiosity for culture, art, design, brands, and technology</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Use the tools of the trade to design, share feedback, and ensure work is on track (e.g. Adobe Creative Suite, Figma, Google Suite, Asana, Jira)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Degree in Graphic Design, Visual Design or related field preferred</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>