<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Position Location: Austin, TX | Lisbon, Portugal | London, UK</strong></p>
<h3 id="Jobdescription:SeniorSystemsEngineerWorkersOnboarding-AbouttheDepartment"><strong>About the Department</strong></h3>
<p></p>
<p class="diff-block-context">Emerging Technologies &amp; Incubation (ETI) is where new and bold products are built and released within Cloudflare. Rather than being constrained by the structures which make Cloudflare a massively successful business, we are able to leverage them to deliver entirely new tools and products to our customers. Cloudflare’s edge and network make it possible to solve problems at massive scale and efficiency which would be impossible for almost any other organization.</p>
<p class="diff-block-context">The Workers team makes it possible for Cloudflare customers to run JavaScript and WebAssembly on Cloudflare's edge network. We build and maintain the serverless technology that executes billions of requests per month on behalf of developers and grants them nearly limitless control over how their requests are handled and responded to.</p>
<p class="diff-block-target diff-block-context">The Workers Onboarding&nbsp;<span id="added-diff-0" class="diff-html-added">&amp; Integrations&nbsp;</span>team aims to provide the best in class experience for Workers users to move fast and quickly bring ideas to life.</p>
<h3 id="Jobdescription:SeniorSoftwareEngineerWorkersOnboarding&amp;Integrations-Whatyouwilldo" class="diff-block-target"><strong><span id="changed-diff-5" class="diff-html-changed">What you will do</span></strong></h3>
<p class="diff-block-context">As a member of the Workers team, you will collaborate with Engineers, Designers, and Product Managers to design, build and support large scale, customer facing systems that push the boundaries of what is possible at Cloudflare's edge computing platform. You will drive projects from idea to release, delivering solutions at all layers of the software stack to empower the Cloudflare customers. You can expect to interact with a variety of languages and technologies including, but not limited to Go, JavaScript, Typescript, SQL, GraphQL, Rust, and C++.</p>
<h3 id="Jobdescription:SeniorSoftwareEngineerWorkersOnboarding&amp;Integrations-RequisiteSkills" class="diff-block-target diff-block-context"><strong><span id="changed-diff-6" class="diff-html-changed">Requisite Skills</span></strong></h3>
<ul class="diff-block-target diff-block-context">
	<li><span id="removed-diff-0" class="diff-html-removed"></span><span id="added-diff-1" class="diff-html-added">6</span>+ years professional software engineering experience</li>
	<li>Experience with large-scale systems</li>
	<li>Must have strong experience with Javascript, Typescript, and one of the following: Go, C++, Rust</li>
	<li>Experience working in frontend frameworks such as React</li>
	<li>Experience with SQL and common relational database systems such as PostgreSQL</li>
	<li>Experience with Kubernetes or similar deployment tools</li>
	<li>Product mindset and comfortable talking to customers and partners</li>
	<li>Experience delivering projects end-to-end – gathering requirements, writing technical specifications, implementing, testing, and releasing</li>
	<li>Comfortable managing multiple projects simultaneously</li>
	<li><span id="removed-diff-1" class="diff-html-removed">Comfortable working&nbsp;</span><span id="added-diff-2" class="diff-html-added">Able to participate in&nbsp;</span>on an oncall shift</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="Jobdescription:SeniorSoftwareEngineerWorkersOnboarding&amp;Integrations-BonusPoints" class="diff-block-target diff-block-context"><strong><span id="changed-diff-7" class="diff-html-changed">Bonus Points</span></strong></h3>
<ul class="diff-block-context">
	<li>Experience with metrics and observability tools such as Prometheus, Grafana</li>
	<li>Experience using Workers and Pages</li>
	<li>Experience scaling systems to meet increasing performance and usability demands</li>
	<li>Knowledge of OAuth and building integrations with third-parties</li>
	<li>Has managed interns or mentored junior engineers</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>