<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong><strong><br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for a Marketing Manager to lead marketing efforts in the DACH region. The DACH </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Marketing Manager creates, delivers and executes impactful marketing programs to drive awareness and develops qualified pipeline for Cloudflare’s sales team — specifically targeting Enterprise, Field and Mid-Market accounts within the region. This position works closely with the EMEA Head of Marketing and wider team to develop and execute campaigns and programs designed to generate leads that contribute to sales pipeline, revenue and brand awareness..</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The right candidate will have a builder mindset, a strong knowledge of B2B demand generation best practices, be digitally savvy, have a natural inclination to measure the effectiveness of marketing activities, strong project management skills, and the ability to drive program execution while managing the expectations of various stakeholders.</span></p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Reporting into the Head of Marketing, EMEA based in London</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">As the DACH Marketing Lead, you will be responsible for building the marketing strategy for the DACH region</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demand generation – Work closely with other EMEA Marketing Managers, wider Marketing Team, EMEA Business Development Team and EMEA Sales Team to develop demand and lead generation programs for DACH and operational success</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Development and execution of the EMEA marketing plan, working closely with the wider marketing team, sales team and cross-functional leadership to include multiple demand generation channels, to meet quarterly targets</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design and execute on regional marketing activities to excite and enable sales teams and ensure growth in the region. Activities to include but not limited to; events, direct mailers, webinars, call-out campaigns, digital, email campaigns, content development, brand awareness</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Events - Work closely with the EMEA Events team to identify appropriate events across target markets, ensure success of events from messaging, branding, promotions, and follow-up.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Optimise, research and assess new ways to drive new leads, leveraging various media, targeted lists, and other opportunities</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Providing regular reporting cadence on all marketing activities to track performance, contribution to pipeline and ROI, and adjust where necessary</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Execute inbound and outbound marketing campaigns targeting specific personas to increase awareness of Cloudflare and generate demand, thereby contributing to pipeline and revenue for the region.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage development of localised demand generation assets with content and product marketing</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Required skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent written and verbal communication skills&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of direct functional experience developing and executing B2B marketing programs in technology industry</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge and experience with Marketing Automation (Marketo) and Salesforce</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven success in campaign execution, including development and delivery of innovative campaigns and programs that drive demand and increase market presence</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Data-driven marketer who has the passion to learn best practices from the industry and implement in campaign strategies</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Analytically inclined, exceptional organizational skills, with rigorous attention to detail</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced and ever-changing environment with tight deadline</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to act with a sense of urgency while maintaining program execution excellence</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Candidate must be comfortable working on a number of programs at any given time, and ownership of projects from concept to execution to reporting on results</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Skills in effective outreach messaging and content creation</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Hands-on experience rewriting translated titles/descriptions (webinars, events) to make them compelling</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent written and verbal communication skills and stellar presentation skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Preferred but not required: Hands-on experience with Adobe Creative (Indesign, Illustrator, Photoshop)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Preferred but not required: Knowledge of the DACH Market and the cultural nuances&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">German language skills&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Other attributes:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Motivated, positive and above all a team player</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extreme curiosity</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Builder mindset</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>