<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: </strong>Austin, San Francisco, New York</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is seeking a curious, analytical, and action-oriented MBA intern to join either Product Operations or Pricing and Monetization. Both of these roles sit at the center of how we build, launch, and scale products, and are ideal for someone who enjoys solving ambiguous problems, moving quickly, and helping teams operate more effectively.</p>
<p>As an MBA intern, you will help develop and execute strategies that drive growth and operational improvements in the business. Projects include conducting market and customer research, uncovering customer and market insights, providing analytical insights, and driving transformational business projects. You will collaborate and partner cross functionally to drive high impact initiatives and decisions. This role is ideal for someone who enjoys solving ambiguous problems, moving quickly, and helping teams operate more effectively. <strong>The application deadline for this internship is January 31, 2026.</strong></p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do</strong></p>
<p>You will work on highly sophisticated problems, turn customer insights into action, strengthen operational processes, and have exposure to senior-level decision-making and the chance to create relationships with people across the company. We value people who lead with a hypothesis, take initiative even when information is incomplete, and are comfortable stepping up to move work forward.</p>
<p>Some examples of potential projects:</p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Drive market intelligence for Cloudflare, </strong>working cross-functionally to research problems, analyze opportunities, and work towards solutions and meaningful recommendations and results through a thorough, fact-based process.</li>
	<li><strong>Provide insights to the business </strong>through analytics and market research as required (e.g. pipeline and sales data, market, customer, competitors). Synthesize insights and present clear recommendations for product planning or pricing decisions.</li>
	<li><strong>Develop strategic and business cases </strong>working with cross-functional teams outlining business opportunity, rationale, and operating plans to capture the opportunity including product, GTM strategies, and business model.</li>
	<li><strong>Support product launches </strong>with GTM, Marketing, Product, Pricing, and Engineering teams&nbsp;</li>
	<li><strong>Drive operational excellence </strong>by improving product processes (e.g., launch playbooks, feedback loops, reporting), identify and propose solutions for inefficiencies, and maintain shared tools (e.g., roadmaps, dashboards).</li>
	<li><strong>Act as a strategic partner to Product</strong> on key business decisions, including build vs. buy analyses, partnership strategy, and long-term product roadmap.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who We're Looking For</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a strong analytic background and have competencies in all areas of strategy development and execution including project management, business analysis and problem solving. We look for hardworking people with strong executive communication and consensus building capabilities. Demonstrated ability to thrive in an unstructured, collaborative environment is ideal. Management consulting and technology market experience is appreciated.</p>
<p><strong>Ideal Qualifications:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Currently enrolled in a MBA program.</li>
	<li>Experience driving large initiatives from framing the problem, conducting research / analysis to building the business and operational plans through to driving execution to success is required.</li>
	<li>Prior experience in strategy, business operations in a technology company</li>
	<li>Clear and concise written / verbal communications to work with senior executives across geographies and functions; comfort in business and technical discussions.</li>
	<li>Strong data handling and financial skills to work on sophisticated business issues with minimum supervision.</li>
	<li>Naturally proactive and comfortable pushing work forward in unclear environments.</li>
	<li>Analytical and structured in your thinking, with a tendency to start with a hypothesis.</li>
	<li>Organized, detail-oriented, and comfortable managing multiple workstreams.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related subject area is appreciated.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Desirable Skills, Knowledge, and Experience:&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>Self-starter who enjoys working in a fast-paced, collaborative, and innovative high-growth environment.</li>
	<li>Ability to commit to a full-time 12 week internship.</li>
	<li>In office 3-4 days a week in-office in Austin, San Francisco, or New York.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong></p>
<p>Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.</p>
<ul>
	<li><span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:157000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14589,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;)))"><span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:212000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">Estimated hourly pay of $55/hour.</span></span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>