<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Location(s): Austin, TX, US</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Departments</strong></p>
<p>The Business Development and Renewals Departments are a part of the Cloudflare Sales Organization. The Sales Organization consists of Customer Success Managers, Account Executives, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, Renewal Account Managers and Sales Operation who all work together to help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create reliable and secure Internet experiences for all.</p>
<p>Business Development Representatives contribute to Cloudflare's revenue generation engine by delivering pipeline at scale to the Sales counterparts. They do this through a maniacal focus on people, process, and tools. The Business Development organization is anchored in a culture focused on the development &amp; training of its employees, incubating talent across the company, teamwork, and celebrating success.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Renewal Account Managers work to ensure that Cloudflare’s current customers maintain access to their Cloudflare products and have adequate licenses for their future business needs. They would work closely with customers, partners, the account executive, and customer success managers to coordinate efficient management of the account.&nbsp; Renewal AMs hold responsibility for driving business growth and expanding the customer base of Cloudflare by identifying and nurturing potential opportunities through proactive outreach and effective lead qualification.</p>
<p><strong>About our Internship Program</strong></p>
<p>The focus of the BDR and Renewa Internship is learning and practicing the sales and operational skills required to be a successful Business Development Representative and Renewal Account Manager. You will have the opportunity to learn about Cloudflare’s products and sales process before partnering with current and BDRs and Renewal AMs to experience their day to day.&nbsp;</p>
<p>From the Business Development Representative, you will learn to drive business growth and expand the customer base of Cloudflare by identifying and nurturing potential opportunities through proactive outreach and effective lead qualification.&nbsp;</p>
<p>From the Renewal Account Manager, you will learn the science of owning and maximizing renewal value of a book of business of existing customers. They do this by building and leveraging customer relationships, channel relationships, and capturing and articulating ROI to senior customer stakeholders.</p>
<p>Our internship program runs for 12 weeks and will give you the opportunity to learn about both of these roles, attend workshops, improve your skill set and build a strong network within Cloudflare.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Participate in reviewing of customer contracts, renewal process, customer communication, and deal negotiation of renewals.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Analyze data and leverage tools to identify selling opportunities and business value.</li>
	<li>Be an active participant in several customer touchpoints including: Business Value Justification meetings, Business Reviews, and Renewal Meeting.</li>
	<li>Prospect and research potential leads or target accounts.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Initiate outbound calls to introduce Cloudflare products/services.</li>
	<li>Qualify leads based on interest, budget, authority, and fit.</li>
	<li>Build relationships and rapport with potential customers.</li>
	<li>Develop in-depth knowledge of Cloudflare offerings.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>A passion for Cloudflare’s mission, vision, and growth.</li>
	<li>Desire to learn strategies for creating new sales opportunities and expanding existing customer relationships with Cloudflare.</li>
	<li>Excellent written and verbal skills, including the ability to collaborate cross-functionally with all stakeholders, including sales ops, marketing ops, marketing, and sales leadership.</li>
	<li>Deep curiosity with an ability to quickly learn technical concepts and terms; excellent listening and empathy, with an ability to get things done in a collaborative team environment.</li>
	<li>Strategic thinker who is able to get to work quickly and execute independently.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>