<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Locations Available:&nbsp;<span class="collapsed-field-text">UK, Germany, Netherlands or US</span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>About Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for an experienced and highly motivated engineer to join our team and contribute to our analytical database platform. The platform is a critical component of Cloudflare Analytics which provides real-time visibility into the health and performance of Cloudflare customers' online properties.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The team builds and maintains a high-performance, scalable database platform powered by ClickHouse, optimized for analytical workloads. We help our customers, both internal and external, to gain a deeper understanding of their online properties, identify trends and patterns, and make informed decisions about how to optimize their web performance, security, and other key metrics. Our mission is to empower customers to leverage their data to drive better outcomes for their business.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a Distributed systems engineer - Analytical Database Platform, you will:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and implement new platform components for the Cloudflare Analytical Database Platform to improve functionality and performance.</span></p>
	</li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Add more database clusters to accommodate the growing volume of data generated by Cloudflare products and services.</span></p>
	</li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Monitor and maintain the performance and reliability of existing database platform clusters, and identify and troubleshoot any issues that may arise.</span></p>
	</li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work to identify and remove bottlenecks within the analytics database platform, including optimizing query performance and streamlining data ingestion processes.</span></p>
	</li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with the ClickHouse open-source community to add new features and functionality to the database, as well as contribute to the development of the upstream codebase.</span></p>
	</li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with other teams across Cloudflare to understand their data needs and build solutions that empower them to make data-driven decisions.</span></p>
	</li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Participate in the development of the next generation of the database platform engine, including researching and evaluating new technologies and approaches that can improve the database's performance and scalability.</span></p>
	</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Key qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">3+ years of experience working in software development covering distributed systems, and databases.</span></p>
	</li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong programming skills (C++ is preferable), as well as a deep understanding of software development best practices and principles.</span></p>
	</li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong knowledge of SQL and database internals, including experience with database design, optimization, and performance tuning.</span></p>
	</li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A solid foundation in computer science, including algorithms, data structures, distributed systems, and concurrency.</span></p>
	</li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment, as well as communicate effectively with other teams across Cloudflare.</span></p>
	</li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, as well as the ability to work independently and proactively identify and solve issues.</span></p>
	</li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with ClickHouse is a plus.</span></p>
	</li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with SALT or Terraform is a plus.</span></p>
	</li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;">
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Linux container technologies, such as Docker and Kubernetes, is a plus.</span></p>
	</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you're passionate about building scalable and performant databases using cutting-edge technologies, and want to work with a world-class team of engineers, then we want to hear from you! Join us in our mission to help build a better internet for everyone!</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>