<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Location: Mexico City, Mexico</strong></p>
<p><strong>Privacy Specialist&nbsp;</strong><strong><br><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>About Us</strong></p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers more than 10 trillion requests per month. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare have all web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Technology Pioneer and named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list.</p>
<p>We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong> &nbsp;</p>
<p>Ensuring the privacy of personal information is core to Cloudflare’s mission to help build a better Internet, and we’re looking for a privacy specialist to help Cloudflare navigate the complicated challenges of processing personal data amid an ever-changing regulatory landscape. Our legal team helps the company deal with complex matters by anticipating complications and distractions, and guiding the company around those obstacles. Our new privacy specialist team member will help foster our unique corporate philosophy and approach, in which the security and privacy of our customers’ data are paramount. We are looking for an exceptionally talented, energetic and friendly specialist to join our legal team in Mexico City, Mexico. This is a junior-level role ideal for someone who is a proactive self-starter with exceptional organizational abilities and who has experience working cross functionally with a variety of business teams and roles.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As part of the job, you will:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
	<li>Conduct thorough privacy and AI reviews of new and existing third-party vendors to assess their data handling practices and ensure they meet our privacy and AI standards.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Oversee keeping accurate, privacy law-compliant documentation, including supporting privacy counsel and product teams in ongoing documentation of Records of Processing Activities and Data Protection Impact Assessments as systems, products and services evolve and new ones are introduced.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Work cross functionally with other teams across the company to inventory data and document and assess risk of data processing activities.</li>
	<li>Assist in processing and responding to requests from data subjects in a timely and compliant manner.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Assist the Privacy and Data Operations Team in responding to questions from customers, partners, and employees regarding practices, policies, and procedures related to privacy and data governance.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Regularly review, update, and draft internal privacy, AI, and data governance policies and procedures to ensure they align with current and emerging laws.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Develop sales enablement materials, including responses to FAQs from customers and sales team members.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Bachelor’s degree and 3+ years of program or project management and vendor assessment experience, preferably in technology privacy and data protection.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Strong interpersonal skills and experience in working cross-functionally with a variety of teams, including procurement, engineering, sales, and product teams.</li>
	<li>Exceptional verbal and written communication, organization, and project management skills, including a strong desire and ability to make complex topics understandable for various audiences.</li>
	<li>Self-starter with the ability to learn in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>Familiarity with privacy, data protection, and AI governance principles, laws and regulations, including, for example, the EU General Data Protection Regulation and U.S. state privacy laws.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Ability and willingness to learn about the privacy, AI governance, and data protection laws and regulations of global jurisdictions.</li>
	<li>CIPP/US/E/CIPM or CIPT or other privacy or risk and compliance related certifications a plus (i.e. CISA or CISSP).</li>
	<li>Technical expertise and an understanding of the way that the Internet, and companies like Cloudflare, operate is a plus.</li>
	<li>Experience with Zip and OneTrust is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>