<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Location: Singapore<br><br>What You Would Do Here:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our focus is getting the best people to work at Cloudflare and then allowing you to do your best work. You will work closely with other Recruiters, our People Team Business Partners, Coordinator, and business leaders across Sales and Engineering to build capability across the organisation.</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design and execute customised, candidate recruiting plans, partnering closely with hiring managers to achieve the best results possible</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Act as an experienced trusted advisor to hiring managers; providing guidance, insights and best practice on their hiring strategies </span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify and engage unique and qualified candidates through creative techniques, coordinating interviews as needed</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Regularly manage pipeline activity and maintain data integrity, proactively share data-centric updates with internal stakeholders</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with hiring teams to improve attraction and hiring of diverse candidates </span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with others on the recruiting team on initiatives and/or hiring needs that may spike in other areas.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">At least 4 years of extensive full-cycle recruiting experience for technical and non-technical roles</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience independently partnering with senior leadership on hiring initiatives</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fluency in Mandarin and/or Cantonese as this role will cover Greater China hiring as part of the scope</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to effectively influence and drive toward results in a fast-paced environment</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to identify bottlenecks or issues before they arise</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Creativity in problem-solving, resourcefulness across all stages of the hiring cycle</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in driving diversity within the recruiting process</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrated ability to be detail-oriented, and have strong organisational skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in compensation and general HR requirements as related to hiring</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work effectively in a highly team-based environment</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>