<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: <span class="il">Bengaluru</span></strong></p>
<p><strong>About The Role&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare runs one of the largest networks in the world, and the telemetry we gather from that network is broad in variety and deep in cardinality. You’ll be responsible for architecting a platform which allows internal and external stakeholders surface comprehensive insights across users, applications, and networks. In this role, you’ll focus on shipping and orchestrating this data pipeline to enable AI-driven workflows which will enable our products to ingest, catalog, and transform streams of structured data into actionable network and security insights.</p>
<p>The Insights PM will be responsible for building a set of AI-enabled analytics, logging, and reporting systems which allow Cloudflare customers to quickly and intuitively answer questions about their Cloudflare One deployments. You will partner closely with many stakeholders across Cloudflare One to understand their product’s unique needs and create a consistent data-driven throughline. You will own creating Cloudflare One’s visibility story transforming this into a differentiator within the rapidly developing SASE landscape. You'll work with engineering and design providing clear requirements to create outcome-based dashboard experience that provides an authoritative perspective on the data that matters while also being extensible to any question a customer may have.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>As a member of a growing team of analytics and monitoring product managers your responsibilities include:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Manage the roadmap. Drive the strategy and roadmap for surfacing security posture and network performance insights. Make tough tactical prioritization decisions while helping the company think long-term. Build trust with stakeholders by maintaining an understandable, accurate roadmap.</li>
	<li>Enable product development. Lead new analytics, reports, and insights from ideation through launch, and continuing through ongoing maintenance and support. Perform in-depth data analysis to identify trends, relationships, and anomalies within vast security datasets.</li>
	<li>Represent the customer, be it internal or external. Be the champion and voice of customers. Build intimate, personal customer relationships. Bring the customer's voice into the creation process.</li>
	<li>Develop the platform vision for your area. Evangelize the vision so that all stakeholders are aligned, have context and understand where we are going.</li>
	<li>Measure success. Own the measures used to define success for your product. Success measures must be defined at the inception of a product and tracked throughout its lifecycle. Make measures visible to all stakeholders and interpret them into actionable conclusions and new hypotheses.</li>
	<li>Author use cases and prioritize requirements. Translate observations and customer feedback into a prioritized product backlog. Author use cases based on specific real-world product applications and extrapolate detailed product requirements for the scenarios.</li>
	<li>Collaborate across teams. We win or lose as a team. Product managers play a critical role in creating alignment between engineering teams and stakeholders. A collaborative attitude is essential to the job.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience:</strong></p>
<p>The ideal candidate is customer-focused, data-driven, methodical and thrives in a goal-oriented and data-driven environment. You have a deep technical understanding of the analytics and monitoring space and outstanding communication and collaboration skills. You are able to work with a diverse group, get consensus, and drive the product forward. You are execution focused, you emphasize getting things done while paying attention to important details. You have a passion for building frameworks that scale massively and make it easy for all teams to get the most out of data as you.</p>
<ul>
	<li>Proven track record of shipping developer-facing products from ideation to launch, 5+ years of professional experience working on technology products</li>
	<li>Domain expertise in the analytics, monitoring, or observability. You have been there, done that as either an architecture or product owner for analytics or very closely related technology space</li>
	<li>A strong passion for and a clear vision for how AI and Machine Learning can fundamentally transform security and networking solutions in the modern era</li>
	<li>Deep understanding of the SASE landscape, including current threats, regulatory requirements, and emerging technologies.</li>
	<li>Distributed systems experience that allows you to drive the scaling strategy for analytics as our scale grows both on volume and number of internal customers supporting.</li>
	<li>Experience presenting new products and features to customers - whether as a developer, analyst or product manager. You are enthusiastic about taking something you have helped build and sharing it with the world</li>
	<li>Strong customer and stakeholder empathy. You must be the voice of engineering, customers, support, or ops at any given time. You must be able to channel many points of view into a strategic roadmap and deliverables that provide elegant solutions to all requirements.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points if you also have:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Hands-on experience with command-line tools used for interacting with APIs, debugging and testing (e.g. curl, dig, etc.)</li>
	<li>Scripting/programming experience (Python, Go, etc.) and/or experience with web frameworks</li>
	<li>Familiarity with Zero Trust principles and architectures.</li>
	<li>Active participation in industry conferences, publications, or open-source projects related to data science or artificial intelligence.</li>
	<li>An eye for design to translate users needs into intuitive designs</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>