<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the role:</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is looking for a Creative Project Manager to join the Corporate Marketing team. We believe in working hard, creating high quality creative work and most importantly: having fun along the way. We work on a wide range of interesting &amp; impactful projects including: brand advertising campaigns (digital and out of home), videos &amp; motion graphics, event + trade show creative, corporate events, global office creative, interactive design (corporate website, digital campaigns), and more.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What we’re looking for:</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking a Creative Project Manager to be a key player in our Corporate Marketing team responsible for the management of creative studio projects. You are excited to work with partners across the company to build an environment that fosters strategic design thinking to create a cohesive and consistent Cloudflare brand experience. In this role you will serve as the liaison between the Brand Creative Studio and our global internal and external stakeholders to establish expectations as well as monitoring project timelines, workloads, and project objectives to ensure that they all stay on track.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You will:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Build relationships with regional event managers, global field marketers and vendors.</li>
	<li>Analyze project requests and document project priorities.</li>
	<li>Work closely with the EMEA, APJC and AMER event and field teams to gather and review their trade show booth specifications, content and event collateral and to ensure everything is in order for the design team to execute.</li>
	<li>Monitor and manage workloads of the Brand Creative team, and ensure projects meet deadlines, brand standards, and uphold the bar for high quality.</li>
	<li>Set up check in calls, document current processes, suggest and implement improvements as needed.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Communicate with stakeholders about Cloudflare's brand standards and processes, and SLA’s through a culture of open collaboration, accessibility, and knowledge sharing.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You have:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>8+ years experience in project management for an agency or in-house design team.</li>
	<li>Detailed understanding of the creative process for tradeshow booths and events, print, digital, and video.</li>
	<li>Use/understand the tools of the trade to share feedback, and ensure work is on track (e.g. Adobe Creative Suite, Figma, Google Suite, Asana.com, Jira).</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>