<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Bengaluru, India, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia</strong></p>
<p><strong>About this job</strong></p>
<p>Ensuring the privacy of personal information is core to Cloudflare’s mission to help build a better Internet. We’re looking for an experienced privacy attorney to help Cloudflare navigate the complicated challenges of processing personal data amid an ever-changing and diverse regulatory landscape in Asia. Our legal team helps the company deal with complex matters by anticipating regulatory changes, and guiding the company around the complications and distractions that arise from such obstacles. Our new privacy counsel team member will help foster our unique corporate philosophy and approach, in which the security and privacy of our customers’ data are paramount.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking for an exceptionally talented, energetic and friendly privacy attorney to join our team based in Bengaluru or Kuala Lumpur. This role is ideal for someone who is a proactive self-starter and strategic thinker, who has a thirst for knowledge and continued growth, all while working as part of a great team. This position reports to Cloudflare’s Chief Privacy Officer.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>As part of the job, you will:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Be the subject matter expert on privacy developments and data protection laws in the Asia-Pacific region impacting global technology companies. You will work collaboratively across multiple functions to advise on the impact of data protection laws or changes to such laws on Cloudflare’s business.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Be a subject matter on emerging AI regulations or guidance in the Asia-Pacific region. You will work collaboratively across multiple functions to advise on the impact of AI regulations or guidance on Cloudflare’s business.</li>
	<li>Understand and advise on the requirements related to cross-border data transfers globally, with a focus on the Asia-Pacific region.</li>
	<li>Collaborate with product lawyers to implement Cloudflare’s Privacy by Design and Responsible AI policies as well as evaluating the impact of Asia-Pacific privacy and AI laws, regulatory guidance, enforcement actions, and other related guidance on product development.</li>
	<li>Support the commercial transactions legal team in negotiating data processing addendums and similar contractual language under global privacy laws.</li>
	<li>Partner with and advise Cloudflare’s Asia-Pacific public policy team on matters related to AI, data governance, data protection, and privacy.</li>
	<li>Serve as the go-to lawyer for security and privacy incidents during Asia-Pacific working hours, exercising judgment and discretion while advising cross-functional teams on incident handling procedures and communications.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Create and contribute to playbooks and FAQ libraries for various teams to ensure they have the most current privacy and AI guidance.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>LLB/JD equivalent degree with strong academic credential and admitted to practice law in one of the jurisdictions where Cloudflare has an office (India, Korea, Japan, Singapore, Australia, or Malaysia) and/or be a U.S. or UK-qualified lawyer&nbsp;</li>
	<li>5+ years of relevant legal experience counseling a global company on international privacy and data protection issues, preferably with time in-house at a technology company with established privacy and AI compliance protocols as well as at a top regional or global law firm</li>
	<li>Expert knowledge of global AI and privacy and data protection laws, regulations and compliance regimes at all levels, including familiarity with industry-specific regimes&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Specific knowledge of the privacy and AI regulatory landscape in at least two of the following jurisdictions, with a willingness and aptitude to master the privacy and AI regulatory requirements in the other jurisdictions as well: India, So. Korea, Australia, Singapore, Japan, Malaysia, and China</li>
	<li>Solution-oriented business and legal counselor with a growth mindset and strong sense of humor</li>
	<li>Strong communication skills and cooperative team player. Lead with empathy and understanding while embracing diverse points of view. Flexibility to adapt and thrive in a fast paced environment.</li>
	<li>Demonstrated ability and strong desire to effectively advise, develop relationships, and work collaboratively with stakeholders across teams to establish effective solutions efficiently and in an amenable manner</li>
	<li>Experience prioritizing work and providing advice under deadlines</li>
	<li>Ability to draft documents, policies, messages and anything else in a precise manner, while still being concise and digestible for non-lawyers&nbsp;</li>
	<li>A willingness to work flexibly on occasion to accommodate working with a globally distributed team</li>
	<li>Technical background / expertise is highly desired – while a science or technical degree is not a prerequisite for this job, a passion for technologies is</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>