<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Department:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s IT/Enterprise Engineering, Planning and Governance Team is a crucial pillar of the CIO Organization. It manages programs and initiatives across IT Infrastructure, Enterprise Systems, and Enterprise Engineering, enabling Cloudflare internal teams to operate at their most efficient level. The team establishes end-to-end governance principles and frameworks, leads business partnering, and drives program planning, execution, and demand capacity management.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About the role:</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a highly skilled and self-motivated Technical Project Manager, IT/Enterprise Engineering with excellent communication skills who thrives on solving challenges to join our team. Your main role will be to work with the team to plan and manage projects to successful completion. You will be working on multiple projects that span over 3-5 months of duration involving multiple teams including IT, business, and Technical Operations.</p>
<p>You bring a passion to get the projects over the finish line. You will oversee all aspects of projects - set deadlines, assign responsibilities, and monitor and summarize progress of projects. You should be adept at preparing reports and relevant communication for upper management regarding the project status and critical updates. The ideal candidate is flexible and comfortable working in a fast paced environment, playing multiple roles (diplomat, moderator, negotiator, reporter, coach, etc.), leading projects, and is able to adapt to changing situations. Combined with technical expertise, you have the ability to build trust and strong partnership with counterparts in Engineering, Development, Operations, and Business teams.</p>
<p><strong>Re</strong><strong>sponsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manages full life-cycle of project management including requirements, design, development, testing and deployment.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Works with business partners on defining and controlling project scope, creating, and executing to committed schedules, as well as maintaining and reporting out project deliverables across the multiple teams and business units.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Coordinates with engineering teams and business units to improve scalable deployment schedules and related performance.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Owns project status and drives completion in accordance with deadlines, ensures that all projects are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manages and tracks deliverables and project performance for cross-functional IT teams covering a range of areas, and reports and escalates to upper management as needed.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Performs risk management to minimize project risks, tracks deliverables, evaluates timelines and creates mitigation plans with internal teams and vendors.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develops transition plans including but not limited to user acceptance testing and cutover documentation and change.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Delivers outstanding communication, problem solving, analytical and project management skills.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Establishes and maintains relationships with vendors and internal customers, and drives IT vendor engagements and internal customer deliveries.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Works independently in a dynamic and high-pressure environment and timely delivery despite ambiguous and changing business requirements.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge, and experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">6+ years of project management experience</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong attention to detail, with a focus on analytical and problem solving skills&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Track record of delivering technical projects&nbsp; from conception through retrospective</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Have a balance of people, organizational, and technical skills to deliver and guide decision making without authority</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work independently in a dynamic and high-pressure environment with timely delivery despite ambiguous and changing business requirements</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong competency with project management tools (Confluence, JIRA, Smartsheets, etc.) and various methodologies (Waterfall, Scrum, etc)&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to clearly and concisely communicate with an executive audience in both written and verbal communications in English (writing sample will be requested)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Thrive in a fast-paced hyper-growth engineering environment, with the ability to learn new technologies quickly, and extremely comfortable&nbsp; with ambiguity</span></li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong interpersonal skills and extremely resourceful</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems Management, Technology management, Business management or related field</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven working experience as a project&nbsp; manager in the technology sector, preferably within an IT or Corporate Technology department</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with both waterfall and Agile development methodologies, and project budget administration</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">PMP/PgMP and Agile certifications</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>