<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available locations: </strong>Amsterdam, The Netherlands; Lisbon, Portugal; London, UK; Munich, Germany: Singapore</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is looking for a Data Center Security Compliance Coordinator to lead our global Data Center Security Compliance team. This critical role is part of the Infrastructure Operations organization that is responsible for building, scaling, and running Cloudflare’s data center and network infrastructure around the world.&nbsp; You will play a key role in ensuring the performance, availability, and security of Cloudflare’s network.&nbsp; In pursuit of the goal to “help build a better Internet,” Cloudflare operates one of the world’s largest and most important cloud networks. Spanning more than 270 cities across the globe, Cloudflare’s network is a key strategic asset and supports all customers and products.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for a driven, detailed, and organized professional that can help us improve operational excellence working with our large, strategic partners. In this role, you will have the opportunity to blend strategic vision with tactical implementation to drive outcomes. The ideal candidate will have experience working with the Data Center Security Compliance Programs with a focus on improving operational excellence to drive growth and scalability. This is your opportunity to join a growing, fast-paced, and market-leading cloud security company that is poised to be one of the iconic brands of the decade. If you are interested in building your career with a company that is experiencing explosive growth, while being given the responsibility and challenge to have a real impact on our company’s success, then this is the opportunity for you.</span></p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist with Portal access where CF employees and contractors need access to various segments in the portals. This includes auditing access, adding/removing users, downloading Compliance certificates such as PCI/ISO/SOC2.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist with audits such as PCI/SOC2/ISO/NIST/FedRAMP. We have audits throughout the year where auditors' access to data centers is managed, compliance certificates are collected, audit evidence is gathered and communicated to various teams.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist with Quarterly Access Review, where access to all&nbsp; data centers are reviewed in detail. User Lists from portals are fetched and compared with ACL to ensure only valid users have right access.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sites without portals are contacted with a standard email and their responses are collected.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Audit jira tickets are raised and final reports are created before adding to relevant Wiki pages.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist with managing ACL to ensure a true list of the portal users is maintained at all times. .&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Create Wiki pages contents &amp; maintain existing pages with updates.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist with physical access to data centers.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Maintain documentation, database, dashboards and other reporting tasks.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist with daily DCSC Jira tickets for portal access/physical access/ Audits as well as decommissioning tickets.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support compliance and regulatory projects, including implementation of legislation / regulation.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Provide excellent customer service to the internal business and support teams so that all teams go to Compliance for support in ensuring they carry out their roles in a compliant fashion.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support the relevant compliance managers with advice to the business on licensing and permissions.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Monitor and implement changes to individual accountability regime requirements (such as UK, Ireland, Singapore and Labuan) including submitting the relevant forms and assigning responsibilities.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Establish effective working relationships with the Alliance Partners, Cloudflare Sales Leadership and Account Managers, Marketing and Support teams</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop a core understanding of the unique business needs of prospects and customers within the Partners’ respective fields of specialty and expertise</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and maintain a strong working knowledge of internal and external processes required for successful management of strategic partners</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and maintain detailed working knowledge of partner’s service offering portfolio and leverage Cloudflare’s strengths to fill partner portfolio gaps and improve partner’s ability to compete</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own, influence, and orchestrate relationships within the partner Offering teams that can help drive Cloudflare offerings and strategic positioning</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support deal cycle</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify and drive joint offering opportunities and placement of Cloudflare technologies as partner acknowledged standards</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Facilitate ad hoc partner requests (Legal, compliance, GRC, Risk&nbsp; and Physical security)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A minimum 4 years of relevant professional experience working with technology partners, alliances, or third-party vendors, ideally in the following disciplines: Data center Security Compliance, Access Management, audit administration at a leading high-tech company; offering management</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Technical skills including the ability to understand (1) product roadmaps; (2) market trends and factors; and (3) complex partner requirements.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of Compliance programs such as SOC2, PCI, ISO, NIST and FedRAMP.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Track record of exceptional performance at past roles</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to create clear plans to execute on strategic objectives</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to establish trust and strong working relationships with internal and external stakeholders</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to influence and build consensus with key stakeholders</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience managing complex processes</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Crisp and effective communication skills, including experience presenting to senior executives</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to convey a shared vision to build buy-in for an idea or concept</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to demonstrate knowledge of Cloudflare products and services</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Organized &amp; Disciplined, with a strong focus on driving outcomes</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Preferred Prior experience with Data Centre Security Compliance disciplines and audit programs and past history working in fast-growth stage technology start-ups.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Preferred Superb organizational skills and demonstrated history managing complex processes including audit cycles, Facts gathering and analytical skills.&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>