<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Lisbon or London</strong></p>
<h4><strong>About the department</strong></h4>
<p>The Self-Serve Team is responsible for Cloudflare’s PLG business that serves 8M+ customers across 20% of the internet. Our team is responsible for growth marketing, product growth, and growth insights with the goal of building a world class experience for our self-serve customers across all product categories including Application Services, Cloudflare One and Developer Platform, and all Plans such as Free, Pro, Business &amp; Enterprise. We work to grow the business by understanding our customers’ needs at every stage of their journey from Awareness to Activation to Expansion and Retention.&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<p>Our ideal candidate is a sharp, thoughtful, and collaborative problem solver, who enjoys identifying key business levers and challenges, and then building data science and analytics frameworks to enable strategic decision making. You will work closely with the product, marketing, and the BI teams to help develop analytics solutions and scale internal data processes. You also have a strong combination of business acumen and data science background, as well as an intense hunger to make a significant business impact by owning and driving business outcomes.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Well balanced skills - People have trouble pinning you down. Both business and technical/ data teams claim you as their own. You are equal parts technical and functional. You are equally comfortable and effective in persuading both technical and business audiences.</li>
	<li>Data science analytics expertise - You excel at designing and building new and impactful customer-centric KPIs and metrics to measure customer and competitive dynamics. You are equally strong at getting into the weeds and making sure that the data needed to support these metrics is consistent and available.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Proactively manage the analytics program for the self-service business. This requires working closely across different product teams and data engineers to improve the data collection and quality.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>You are very comfortable rolling up your sleeves when needed to write complex SQL queries and strive to balance speed with effective code design. You are adept at leveraging data science and algorithms frameworks in a practical business setting and have mastery over the fundamentals of machine learning techniques (such as regression, clustering algorithms and/or causal inference) along with cohort analyses, supervised, unsupervised learning and/or causal inference</li>
	<li>Write product requirements for measuring experiments, establishing baselines to move, define performance goals for each project for the self-service business</li>
	<li>Design, build, and support data or insight solutions to drive decision-making and/or incubate new data capabilities or business programs. Example projects include but not limited to A/B test reporting, product adoption scoring, product performance reporting, billing forecasting, and GTM metrics reporting automation</li>
	<li>Clearly identify data challenges and propose scaling solutions / programs from incubation stage to a longer-team high performing state. You will be building an airplane while flying it.</li>
	<li>Great presentation skills - share the insights in an audience relevant manner, with key takeaways and recommendations being presented in a crisp and concise manner in WBRs, MBRs, QBRs.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Cloudflare is a large company but the self-serve team is a small and mighty startup within. You should have worked in startups and helped them achieve data scalability in the past.</li>
	<li>You should enjoy bringing order to a chaotic data landscape. This means you are well organized and thorough in your documentation. Your structure to our data should enable any other team member to replicate the results of your analytical work.</li>
	<li>Extreme ownership - You are the go-to-person for all things data within your organization. As one of the founding analytics team members on the self-serve team, you will be driving and advising the team towards their north star</li>
	<li>5 + years of data analyst experience with 1+ years on product analytics on a large scale for a PLG business.</li>
	<li>2+ years experience with a fast-growing SaaS business based company is preferred.</li>
	<li>Strong experience in Python, R, SQL, Google BigQuery, Google Looker Studio or Tableau (or any other Big data/Cloud equivalent) etc.</li>
	<li>Capable of working closely with business to ensure data initiatives are aligned with business needs and are of high quality.</li>
	<li>Presentation experience and a proven track record of using insights to influence stakeholders and colleagues</li>
	<li>Work with our AI teams to make this data self-serviceable through LLMs</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>