<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h3><strong>About the Department</strong></h3>
<p>Customer Success Managers, Account Executives, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, and Sales Operations - all working together help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create great Internet-enabled experiences.</p>
<p>The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers solve real, technical problems while creating the revenue streams that help the company provide free service to millions in our community.</p>
<h3><strong>What you'll do</strong></h3>
<p>You will be responsible for ensuring the success of Cloudflare’s Enterprise customers and managing all of their post-sale experiences, with your key objective being to ensure account renewals and growth. You’ll bring strategic relationship-building and account planning expertise, a strong background in managing and exceeding sales quotas, product knowledge, organizational skills, poise and experience in presenting to and meeting with customers — both in person and via web-meeting technologies — as well as a high degree of empathy to ensure the customer’s satisfaction with Cloudflare’s services. You’ll utilize your extensive project management and decision-making skills, allowing you to balance the needs and requirements of your portfolio of customers with the commercial realities of supplying Cloudflare’s services.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will maintain a deep understanding of our solutions and present to customers about the most relevant features/functionality for their specific business needs. You are ultimately responsible for the retention of your book of business; this is driven through demonstrating the value the products and services provide to the customer’s business via regular formal reviews.</p>
<p><strong>Additional responsibilities will include:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Manage the customer life cycle including contract renewal</li>
	<li>Work with your account teams to plan and execute long term account plans to facilitate retention and growth via product and new business unit expansion</li>
	<li>Develop and maintain long-term relationships with stakeholders in your account portfolio.</li>
	<li>Work cross-functionally with Product, Engineering, SRE, Marketing and other teams to resolve customer business issues and work towards their stated goals.</li>
	<li>Manage customer feedback and product needs by providing feature requests to internal partner teams.</li>
	<li>&lt; 25% travel within ASEAN regions</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Bachelor's degree required. Masters is a plus.</li>
	<li>To work with regional customers, proficiency in Bahasa is a plus</li>
	<li>5+ years of experience in a Customer Success/Account Management or Solution Engineering role, servicing enterprise accounts.</li>
	<li>Strong understanding of computer networking and “how the internet works.”</li>
	<li>Experience in cloud security industries and/or with public sector customers is a significant plus.</li>
	<li>Experience with project management, account portfolio planning and prioritization.</li>
	<li>Ability to prioritize, multi-task, and perform effectively under pressure.</li>
	<li>Strong phone and interpersonal communication skills (verbal and written) as well as organizational skills.</li>
	<li>Track record of successful planning and execution of Executive Business Reviews.</li>
	<li>Understanding of application, server, and network security is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>