<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Austin, TX and or must be willing to relocate to the area for this role.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Role:</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a highly self-motivated Technical Program Manager to join our Business Intelligence team as a key member of our Strategy and Planning initiative. You will work with our stakeholders in driving the roadmap and balancing the portfolio of data sourcing projects for our GTM and Machine Learning / AI initiatives while maintaining an end-to-end perspective when determining prioritization.&nbsp; You will serve as the main point of contact between the business teams and BI.&nbsp; Unlike traditional product managers, this role is solely dedicated to supporting the building of internal data environments or the data products that serve internal data customers. You will bring a passion for matching up business needs to the building of innovative data solutions.&nbsp; The ideal candidate is flexible and comfortable in playing multiple roles, managing internal and external stakeholders, and is able to adapt to quickly evolving situations. Combined with a planning and process-oriented mindset, you have the ability to cultivate trust and build strong partnerships with counterparts in Engineering, Security, and the Business teams.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Drive the roadmap of one of the key business areas we support, including prioritization and management of data needs based on evolving business requirements, new requests, corporate priorities and stakeholder feedback, while maintaining a holistic and long range view the key goals.</li>
	<li>Elicit clear and comprehensive user requirements from business stakeholders to ensure clarity and alignment with business goals and&nbsp; help translate complex data capabilities into tangible business value.</li>
	<li>Identify and proactively address any discrepancies between business needs and potential technical implementation.</li>
	<li>Prioritize and manage department backlog based on business value, user needs, and stakeholder input to ensure effective prioritization.</li>
	<li>Facilitate communication between business stakeholders and the development team</li>
	<li>Support the management of data sourcing schedules, timelines, and milestones for the implementation and delivery of the projects in your business team’s portfolio.</li>
	<li>Assist in modeling and analyzing business processes and workflows to identify areas for improvement and enhance operational efficiency.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desirable skills, knowledge, and experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>BA/BS in Business Administration or Computer Science, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.</li>
	<li>Minimum 5 years experience in planning and prioritization for highly cross functional teams</li>
	<li>Proven ability to clearly and concisely communicate with an executive audience in both written and verbal communications</li>
	<li>Thrive in a fast-paced iterative engineering environment, and embrace creating paths where none existed before</li>
	<li>Strong competency with program management tools a MUST (Confluence, JIRA, Smartsheets, etc.) and various methodologies (Agile, Waterfall, Scrum, etc).&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Highly motivated, self-driven, and able to deal well with ambiguity.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>