<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4>The Head of EMEA Public Sector is committed to building upon our strategic investments and delivering the technology to help EMEA Public Sector entities to achieve their missions. As our Public Sector customers pursue their work, from defending the nation, to serving its citizens in challenging times, they expect end-to-end engagement tailored to their security needs. The Public Sector is a major focus area for Cloudflare and we seek a strong leader that will manage our EMEA PS business strategically. This leader will be responsible for defining our PS strategy in EMEA in cooperation with our Product, Public Policy, Marketing, Partner and Sales enablement organizations. They will define strategic initiatives to accelerate adoption and coach the Public sector AEs in achieving their goals.&nbsp; The will build and maintain relationships with major PS decision makers across EMEA, with a specific focus on the largest Countries Defense Departments and large International organizations such as the EU and NATO&nbsp;</h4>
<p><strong>What you will do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Develop a strong vision and strategic goals for Cloudflare’s EMEA PS business</li>
	<li>Plan, implement and execute on a sales strategy, leveraging market knowledge and experience to convey product value proposition and positioning</li>
	<li>Coach a team of sellers who will maintain a direct reporting line in local sales leaders</li>
	<li>Develop and maintain high level relationships with key prospective customers and organizational leaders</li>
	<li>Coach sellers through complex sales and taking a more consultative approach to selling</li>
	<li>Define and develop with Sales enablement specific Go to Market Programs for Public Sector</li>
	<li>Provide business development and thought leadership through opportunity identification to grow new business, driving new capabilities and incremental business success</li>
	<li>Partner closely with cross-functional teams including Partner, Marketing, Public Policy and Product to drive operational and product improvements</li>
	<li>Collaborate Globally with other Theatre Public Sector leaders to define Cloudflare PS best practices</li>
	<li>Maintain constant awareness of markets and competitive activity, making appropriate strategic and tactical sales recommendations to always stay one step ahead</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Senior Director / VP level growth-oriented sales leader with a well-regarded reputation in the Public Sector market</li>
	<li>10+ years of relevant experience leading teams selling SaaS/Cloud software platforms to EMEA PS customers</li>
	<li>Technical aptitude with an understanding of cloud technologies, IaaS, Zero Trust, SASE and network security services&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Exceptional collaboration, relationship-building, and interpersonal skills – with the ability to develop working relationships at all levels of management, both inside and outside Cloudflare</li>
	<li>A passion for recruiting with deep relationships with the cloud infrastructure, networking and/or cybersecurity sales community, enabling you to build and grow strong teams quickly</li>
	<li>Data driven approach to making decisions</li>
	<li>Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience.&nbsp; MBA or advanced engineering degree is a plus&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>