<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Department&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s Engineering Team builds and runs the software that handles requests on the Internet today. We also build and run the internal tools that builds and runs our software. The Engineering Team is split into two groups: one handles product development and the other handles operations. Product development covers both new features and functionality and scaling our existing software to meet the challenges of a massively growing customer base. The operations team handles one of the world’s largest networks with data centers in 102 cities worldwide.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Team&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our team is responsible for building security products and solutions that help our customers filter out unwanted internet traffic. We do so by leveraging the enormous amount of internet traffic we have in deriving deep and meaningful data insights, and by designing and leveraging machine learning models and other techniques that can operate on high volume and velocity of data with high precision, performance and scalability.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for a strong senior data scientist to come join Cloudflare and help us drive fraud and abuse detection products ground up. This is a high visibility role and success in this role comes from marrying a strong data &amp; modeling background with security acumen especially in fraud and malicious activity detection.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">What we look for: Predictive Modeling techniques, Machine Learning, Model creation and deployment, Storytelling and Visualization, Cross-functional Collaboration, Creative Problem solving, Agile&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About your Role&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Partner with product managers, data engineers, machine learning engineers and other key stakeholders in understanding the need for data insights and predictive analytics in the area of security, fraud, and abuse detection in a globally distributed environment.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Understand data landscape i.e tooling, tech stack, source systems etc. and work closely with the data engineers and machine learning engineers to improve the data collection and quality. </span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understand business/product strategy and high-level roadmap and align analysis efforts to enable them with data insights and help achieve their strategic goals.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Strong audience focused presentation and storytelling skills focused on key takeaways in a crisp and concise manner.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Define, implement, and train statistical, machine learning, and deep learning models. </span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Use software engineering best practices to publish model scores/insights/learnings at scale within the company.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Ability to define and spot macro and micro levels trends with statistical significance on a regular basis and understand key drivers driving those trends.&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Minimum M.S or Ph.D degree</strong> in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or other quantitative field.</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>At least 2 years</strong> of industry experience</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong experience in scientific computing using Python or Scala.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Experience with SQL.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Experience working with and processing structured, unstructured, and semi-structured data. </span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with data engineering team to ensure robust data pipelines and model deployment. </span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven track record of applying data insights and machine learning in order to address business needs and drive revenue.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"> 5+ years of data scientist experience with proven industry experience in a large scale environment (PBs scale, globally distributed teams).&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Strong communication and presentation skills catered to different audience within the company. </span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Capable of working closely with business, engineering, and product teams to ensure data initiatives are aligned with business needs.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Strong data analytical skills, taking initiative in deriving data insights and thread intelligence, and proposing models and solutions that can lead to quick and effective proof-of-concept (POC).&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Experience in cyber security, fraud detection, internet &amp; networking protocols </span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in productionizing machine learning models&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Familiarity writing and optimizing advanced SQL queries in Clickhouse&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Good Linux/UNIX systems knowledge </span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>