<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>Available Location: Austin, TX</strong></h4>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<p>Cloudflare is growing our People team. Our focus is getting the best people to work at Cloudflare and then helping them to do their best work. We are looking for an energetic and motivated People Operations Specialist who’s ready to help a rapidly growing organization scale with efficiency and operational excellence.&nbsp; Your immediate focus area is supporting the Americas People team and all of our&nbsp; offices in the US, Canada, and Mexico, while collaborating with other People team members globally.&nbsp; Maintaining our People data with quality, accuracy and confidentiality is foundational to everything we do to support the organization, and this role is at the heart of that.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Along the way you’ll have the opportunity to help with the implementation of automated solutions that transform how we manage our People data and programs.&nbsp; If this sounds exciting to you and you’re ready to roll up your sleeves in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with a growing, global company, we’d love to hear from you.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li>Administer end-to-end employee lifecycle transactions for the AMER region, including onboarding, transfers, organizational and compensation changes, and offboarding.</li>
	<li>Generate, review, and update employment contracts and HR documentation in partnership with HR and legal.</li>
	<li>Maintain and audit employee data in Workday and other HR systems, ensuring accuracy, consistency, and compliance with local regulations.</li>
	<li>Respond to employee and manager inquiries through Zendesk and other channels, providing accurate and timely support.</li>
	<li>Conduct regular and ad hoc audits to ensure compliance with labor laws, payroll accuracy, and internal policies.</li>
	<li>Prepare and deliver Workday reports and analytics to support HR and business decision-making.</li>
	<li>Partner with HR colleagues across the AMER region to align processes, share best practices, and support global initiatives.</li>
	<li>Participate in HR projects, system implementations, and process improvement initiatives to enhance efficiency and employee experience.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>2-4</strong>+ years of HR operations experience</li>
	<li>Hands-on experience with employee lifecycle administration and HR documentation.</li>
	<li>Experience working with HRIS systems (Workday strongly preferred).</li>
	<li>Strong proficiency in Excel (pivot tables, VLOOKUPs, formulas) and experience analyzing HR and payroll data in collaboration with regional teams to support decision-making.</li>
	<li>Strong understanding of compliance requirements for familiarity with US- Mexico and Canadian HR practices a plus.</li>
	<li>Excellent organizational, analytical, and problem-solving skills with high attention to detail.</li>
	<li>Strong communication and customer service skills, with the ability to support employees and managers.</li>
	<li>Ability to work independently while effectively collaborating with global and regional HR teams.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>