<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About Us</strong></p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Overview</strong></p>
<p>The Sr. Principal of Partner Strategic Initiatives for the Global Partner Sales team is a critical role that reports to the Chief Partner Officer and works closely with the leadership team to drive the overall partner strategy by partnering with all cross functional teams. This position is responsible for ensuring the effectiveness of the partner leadership team operating rhythm and owns operational excellence, resource planning, D&amp;I initiatives, and participates in overall group strategy decisions.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role will be involved in those aspects from the partner side and contribute to the overall strategy and annual plan building, while also making sure the channel leadership teams are executing in a consistent fashion.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Bachelor's Degree in relevant field (e.g., Liberal Arts, Business Administration, Management, Computer Science) AND 15+ years experience in business planning, operations management, strategy, project management, human resources, or business-related roles.</li>
	<ul>
		<li>OR equivalent experience.</li>
	</ul>
	<li>10+ years of product/program/operational management or similar tech industry experience</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Previous experience in Chief of Staff or senior Business Management role preferred</li>
	<li>Experience with financial modeling, analysis, and insights development with a large business</li>
	<li>Excellent verbal and written communications skills</li>
	<li>Experience with large scale partner events (partner summit, exec forums, QBRs)</li>
	<li>Ability to create effective relationships, influence and collaborate internally and externally at all organizational levels&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Detail-oriented with a passion for continuous improvement</li>
	<li>Enjoys working in fast-paced; sometimes ambiguous environment</li>
	<li>Effective judgment, discretion, and resilience under pressure</li>
	<li>Successful track record of managing teams</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>Leadership Effectiveness &amp; Communication</p>
<p>The Sr. Principal of Partner Strategic Initiatives drives organization processes and agendas. Participate as a valued leadership team member and offer business perspectives relevant to key strategic decisions.  Maximize the effectiveness of the partner organization by helping balance priorities, communicate effectively, participate in strategic meetings and connect with the team. Work with the leadership team to engage with the partner community to drive thought leadership for the ecosystem and the team including fostering executive relationships, planning and coordinating ecosystem communications like blog pieces, events and roundtables.<br>&nbsp;<strong>Business Management &amp; Operations</strong></p>
<p>In partnership with all cross functional teams, proactively manage program spend. Partner with operations and IT to streamline systems and processes.</p>
<p>&nbsp;<strong>Team Development &amp; Culture&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>In partnership with HR and the leadership team, shape and drive the company values and lead team health initiatives, particularly focused on developing increased diversity, inclusion, and belonging. This is a shared accountability across all members of the organization.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>