<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong><span data-sheets-root="1" data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:162000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">Available Locations: Lisbon, London, Denver, Atlanta, Austin</span><br><br>About the Department</strong></h4>
<p>Cloudflare’s Engineering Team builds and runs the software that handles large amounts of requests on the Internet today. We also build and run the internal tools and platforms that run that software. Individual engineering teams are typically responsible for large areas with considerable impact, and able to execute autonomously within that space to deliver value to their customers - be they internal or external.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Many of Cloudflare’s critical internal services run on Kubernetes. These services include those responsible for Cloudflare’s control plane and APIs, data analytics and other internal tools used to manage our global network. These Kubernetes platforms are purpose-built from the ground up and run on bare metal Linux in different regions around the world. The scale we work at involves tens of thousands of containers and terabits per second of network traffic. The team takes pride in knowing this platform helps run parts of the global Internet.</p>
<p><strong>About the team and the role</strong></p>
<p>The Engineering Platform and Productivity team has a charter to build a self-service, resilient, and scalable platform using a combination of Open Source projects, intellectual property, and internal infrastructure. The charter includes to build tools and services that help easily integrate a base set of capabilities into Cloudflare’s products. These services have cross cutting concerns that 100s of fellow engineers use as the building blocks at Cloudflare. The team also writes services that is redundant for each product development team to build and that serve high volumes of requests every day.</p>
<p>As an engineer in the Engineering Productivity and Platforms organization, you'll be building and managing tools to help engineers deploy and operate the services that make Cloudflare work. Our mission is to provide a reliable, yet flexible, platform to help product teams release new software efficiently and safely. The role includes both software engineering and DevOps operational responsibilities. The ideal candidate will care deeply about providing other engineers with an excellent development experience.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>Design and build scalable and resilient systems that can keep up with company growth</li>
	<li>Design and build developer productivity tooling</li>
	<li>Harden the platform against security threats and resource contention issues</li>
	<li>Improve our GitOps systems and practices</li>
	<li>Improve the efficiency of managing resources such as CPU, bandwidth and storage</li>
	<li>Work with app teams to understand their potential challenges and help them choose the best way to architect their systems</li>
	<li>Drive initiatives that make our engineers happier and more productive.</li>
	<li>Help respond and prevent incidents impacting core platforms</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li>Ability to work with codebases in Bash, TypeScript and Go</li>
	<li>Excellent debugging skills in a Linux environment</li>
	<li>Source control experience including branching, merging and rebasing</li>
	<li>Experience managing and deploying onto production Kubernetes or similar orchestration platforms</li>
	<li>The ability to break down complex problems into smaller pieces, provide options, talk through trade-offs and drive the effort to solve the problem</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Bonus Points</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li>Experience operating Kubernetes on-premise at scale in capacities including SRE, systems design or architecture</li>
	<li>Providing guidance and building platforms across multiple zones and regions as foundation for other teams to build distributed highly-available applications&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Worked in a platform engineering team/ engineering productivity team in the past.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>