<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Lisbon</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<h3><strong>What You Would Do Here:</strong></h3>
<p>At Cloudflare, our mission is to empower our people to do their best work. We're looking for a motivated and detail-oriented <strong>People Experience Manager</strong> to join our growing team. In this entry-level management role, you'll play a crucial part in supporting our rapidly expanding organization by ensuring the seamless and efficient experience for our employees, from inquiry resolution to accurate data management, and auditing of critical People and Payroll processes within your region.</p>
<p>You'll be instrumental in <strong>guiding and developing a team</strong> focused on delivering world-class employee inquiry support. This includes acting as an <strong>escalation point for more complex matters</strong> involving People and Payroll questions, and ensuring that all transactions meet minimum standards, keeping our people systems auditable, clean, and up-to-date. A key focus will be on <strong>providing high-quality customer support to our internal clients and stakeholders</strong>, ensuring their needs are met with efficiency and accuracy. As we scale, you'll also have exciting opportunities to <strong>contribute to the design and improvement of our existing processes</strong>, aligning our operations across multiple regions.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Lead HR Service Delivery:</strong> Guide and develop a team focused on providing world-class employee inquiry support, serving as an escalation point for complex People and Payroll matters.</li>
	<li><strong>Ensure Data Integrity &amp; Compliance:</strong> Oversee HR transactions to ensure they meet minimum standards, maintaining auditable, clean, and up-to-date people systems.</li>
	<li><strong>Drive Operational Excellence:</strong> Partner with regional senior management and stakeholders to address their specific HR operational needs with high responsiveness and accuracy.</li>
	<li><strong>Manage Payroll Operations:</strong> Oversee monthly payroll checks for your assigned region, ensuring accuracy and timely submission.</li>
	<li><strong>Uphold Compliance Standards:</strong> Manage adherence to SOX Control &amp; Compliance, ensuring all Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) requirements are meticulously followed and documented.</li>
	<li><strong>Optimize HR Processes:</strong> Contribute to the design, tracking, and implementation of improvements for HR business processes, translating operational needs into technical requirements.</li>
	<li><strong>Facilitate Regional Approvals:</strong> Manage the regional offer approval process, ensuring strict compliance with internal guidelines.</li>
	<li><strong>Support System Enhancements:</strong> Contribute to the implementation of improvement projects defined by the People Services group, collaborating with Centers of Excellence (COEs) and other internal teams to test new functionality and troubleshoot technical issues within HR systems.</li>
	<li><strong>Analyze &amp; Report:</strong> Analyze support tickets and HR business processes to provide regional status insights and identify opportunities for continuous process enhancements.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What You'll Bring:</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Experience:</strong> 2+ years of leadership experience in <strong>People Operations, HR Service Delivery, or Payroll</strong>, preferably within the EMEA region.</li>
	<li><strong>HR Systems Expertise:</strong> Familiarity with HR systems such as <strong>Workday and Zendesk</strong>. Experience with Core HR, Talent, and Compensation modules is a plus.</li>
	<li><strong>Process Improvement Mindset:</strong> Proven ability to support and contribute to projects aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and service delivery.</li>
	<li><strong>Attention to Detail &amp; Accuracy:</strong> Highly detailed and process-oriented with a strong commitment to accuracy in all HR transactions and data management.</li>
	<li><strong>Compliance Knowledge:</strong> Foundational knowledge of EMEA countries' employment law and a clear understanding of operating within these regulatory environments.</li>
	<li><strong>Customer Focus:</strong> A strong customer service orientation and a dedication to delivering a positive internal client and employee experience.</li>
	<li><strong>Communication Skills:</strong> Excellent oral and written communication skills, with the ability to clearly present information and respond to cross-regional and cross-functional inquiries.</li>
	<li><strong>Prioritization &amp; Execution:</strong> Adept at prioritizing tasks, executing effectively, and providing clear status reports as needed.</li>
	<li><strong>Organizational &amp; Problem-Solving Skills:</strong> Strong organizational, problem-solving, and time management abilities.</li>
	<li><strong>Adaptability:</strong> Highly adaptable in a global, fast-paced environment with a proven ability to oversee payroll changes and reports for the EMEA region.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>