<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>The Role:</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced manager of our Red team<strong> </strong>&nbsp;to join our dynamic and growing Security Threat Detection, Response and Emulation team. This is a critical role that will be at the forefront of protecting our company by leading a team responsible for emulating the threats that Cloudflare faces. You will be responsible for leading the technical aspects of our Red Team including red team exercises execution and planning, resourcing, drive product testing, and collaboration with threat response to refine detections and responses.</p>
<p>This role requires a unique blend of technical expertise, leadership and goal oriented thinking.&nbsp; You will be a key point of contact and collaborator with our threat detection and engineering, engineering and products&nbsp; ensuring that all activities are conducted with the utmost care, in accordance with company policy, and in compliance with legal and ethical standards.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Mentorship &amp; Growth:</strong> Lead a team of high-performing global red team and efficacy engineers, providing technical guidance while fostering a culture of curiosity and ethical hacking.</li>
	<li><strong>Strategic Leadership:</strong> Develop and execute on priorities of the security organisation&nbsp; for the red team and efficacy testing team. Partnering with leadership and other security teams to ensure scenarios and tests are relevant and provide improvement opportunities.</li>
	<li><strong>Adversary Simulation:</strong> Manage the execution of full-chain red team operations targeting Cloudflare’s global infrastructure, corporate networks, and product ecosystems.</li>
	<li><strong>Efficacy Testing:</strong> Establish a rigorous framework for testing "Security Efficacy"—measuring exactly how well our products and security tools hold up against malicious adversaries..</li>
	<li><strong>Purple Teaming:</strong> Foster a highly collaborative relationship with the Blue Team (Detection &amp; Response), Eng and Product teams to ensure findings are translated into immediate defensive improvements.</li>
	<li><strong>Executive Reporting:</strong> Translate complex technical exploits into risk-based narratives for leadership, helping prioritize engineering resources where they matter most.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Partnerships</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Security Incident Response Team (SIRT):</strong> You will act as the "sparring partner" for SIRT. By conducting unannounced exercises, you help them refine their playbooks, test their on-call rotations, and ensure their forensic tooling is effective under pressure.</li>
	<li><strong>Threat Detection:</strong> Partner to identify relevant threat scenarios, threat actors, tools and techniques for use in red team scenarios&nbsp;</li>
	<li><strong>Security Engineering:</strong> Your team’s findings will provide the raw data needed for Security Engineering to build more resilient architecture. You will collaborate on "paved road" initiatives, ensuring that security defaults actually stop the attacks your team develops.</li>
	<li><strong>Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC):</strong> The Red Team Manager provides evidence-based "ground truth" by identifying hidden security gaps through active exploitation, allowing the GRC team to transform those technical findings into actionable risk reports and targeted policy updates.</li>
	<li><strong>Product &amp; Engineering: </strong>Partner with product and engineering around testing of processes, tooling and product and delivering outcomes that drive security resiliency improvements.</li>
	<li><strong>Legal &amp; Privacy:</strong> Offensive operations require strict adherence to "Rules of Engagement." You will partner closely with Legal to ensure all testing—especially those involving social engineering or sensitive data access—is conducted within Cloudflare’s ethical guidelines and global privacy regulations.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Required Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Experience:</strong> 8+ years in offensive security, with at least 2-3 years in a formal leadership or management capacity.</li>
	<li><strong>Deep Technical Roots:</strong> A strong background in manual penetration testing, exploit development, or cloud security.</li>
	<li><strong>Operational Mindset:</strong> Experience using the MITRE ATT&amp;CK framework to map coverage and identify "blind spots" in defensive telemetry.</li>
	<li><strong>Communication Skills:</strong> The ability to explain a complex "0-day" exploit to a non-technical stakeholder while maintaining the respect of a deep-dive engineering team.</li>
	<li><strong>Tooling Familiarity:</strong> Knowledge of automated breach and attack simulation (BAS) tools, as well as custom-built frameworks for payload delivery and C2 infrastructure.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>