<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Role Location: Lisbon, Portugal&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare helps build the future of the Internet. The Emerging Technology and Incubation (ETI) team invents, launches, and brings to market the technologies required to reach that goal. ETI ships software that changes the Internet. The world's fastest DNS resolver, 1.1.1.1, Cloudflare WARP, Cloudflare One, Cloudflare Workers, D1, R2, and Workers AI are examples of our launches.</p>
<p>The team members in ETI make this possible. The group consists of engineers, product managers, developer advocates and researchers who share a common passion for helping build a better Internet. The ETI organization encourages individual team members to be ambitious and bold in how we find and solve problems. We move quickly and shape our products based on customer usage and feedback, while leveraging the massive scale and reliability of our global network.</p>
<p>ETI also helps drive our Innovation Weeks at Cloudflare and contributes with new products, features, and visions for helping build a better Internet. Doing that requires all of ETI to execute on releases that customers will use today, tell our story as part of Cloudflare’s larger mission, and to build products that allow Cloudflare’s customers to realize that 1+1 can equal 3 when using all of these features together.</p>
<p>We are looking for a Systems Engineer to join our team. You will work with a team of passionate, talented engineers that are building innovative products that bring security and speed to millions of internet users each day. You will play an active part in shaping product features based on what’s technically possible. Furthermore, you will make sure our company hits our ambitious goals from an engineering standpoint.</p>
<p>You bring a passion for meeting business needs while building technically innovative solutions, and excel at shifting between the two—understanding how big-picture goals inform technical details, and vice-versa. You thrive in a fast-paced iterative engineering environment.</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field;</li>
	<li>Proven experience in at least one of Rust, Go, or JavaScript/TypeScript, for backend-related tasks;</li>
	<li>Solid understanding of systems engineering principles and practices;</li>
	<li>Experience with version control systems such as Git;</li>
	<li>Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail;</li>
	<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work effectively in a team environment;</li>
	<li>Passion for learning and exploring new technologies;</li>
	<li>Creative thinker with the ability to propose innovative solutions to complex problems;</li>
	<li>An operational mindset - we don't just write code, we also own it in production;</li>
	<li>Previous experience working in an Agile environment is a plus.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Understanding of the web and its underlying protocol stack, such as HTTP;</li>
	<li>Familiar with AI, AI agents, and related technologies and standards;</li>
	<li>Experience building high performance distributed systems;</li>
	<li>Strong Linux/UNIX systems, kernel, or networking knowledge;</li>
	<li>Contributions to large open source projects.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>