<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>Location: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia<br><br>About the department</strong></h4>
<p>The Cloudflare Customer Support Team solves complicated problems and answers technical questions via phone, email, chat and social media. Whether it is a Wordpress blogger using our services for free or a global Enterprise business with petabytes of web traffic, we are always eager to assist. We are the eyes and ears of Cloudflare, acting as the real-time voice of the customer to help communicate their needs and real-world use cases back to the rest of the company - for better service and future product development.</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<p>Do you like solving complex problems? Are you great at helping a team grow to surpass their potential together? Do you enjoy interacting with people at all levels and roles?</p>
<p>As a <strong>Technical Support Manager</strong> at Cloudflare you will:</p>
<p><strong>Provide World-Class Support to our Millions of Customers</strong> - You will help the team triage and answer high priority tickets from both top partners and free customers, understand our customers needs and problems, in depth, in order to provide insights on them to the company and solve them, and are confident in addressing customer escalations with team members.</p>
<p><strong>Manage Technical Support Engineers</strong> - You will coach the team to excel at their jobs, manage individual and team projects to on-time completion, have regular one-on-ones with everyone on your technical support engineering team, encourage professional development, help with training and QA, manage the support hiring process, and keep team morale high.</p>
<p><strong>Help Manage and Improve Tools and Processes - </strong>You will manage and continuously improve our processes for helping customers, managing the team, and working with the rest of the company. They will also help to manage all of our support tools and software.</p>
<p><strong>Work Cross-Functionally With Other Teams</strong> - You will work with other teams to guide projects that help the support team, customers and the company. You will act as the Voice of the Customer to communicate clearly the requests and problems our customers are reporting to the rest of the company through to resolution.</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Minimum of 3 years of team lead or management experience, with teams of 4 or more people</li>
	<li>Experience managing Support Engineers' performance and development</li>
	<li>Strong experience at hiring, coaching, and training Support Engineers</li>
	<li>Experience managing a team to meet and exceed their individual, team, and company goals</li>
	<li>Minimum of 5 years technical support experience for SaaS/PaaS enterprise solutions</li>
	<li>Fundamental understanding how the Internet works (OSI Model)&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Knowledge of DNS, SSL/TLS, HTTP, and network related concepts</li>
	<li>Familiarity with command line and command line tools including curl, dig, traceroute</li>
	<li>Experience providing global support that follows the sun 24x7x365</li>
	<li>You have strong communication skills, both verbal and written</li>
	<li>Past experience or interest in working at a fast-paced and high-growth company</li>
	<li>Ability and willingness to work occasional weekends, holidays, and after hours</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>