<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About The Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is seeking a Head of Pricing Strategy to lead and execute our global pricing strategy team. &nbsp; You will be responsible for our growing suite of products and services.&nbsp; You will collaborate cross-functionally with Product, Sales, Finance, and Operations to drive executive decision making and bring our strategies to life.&nbsp; You have a passion for customer value drivers, a drive for great product strategy, comfort with product/financial analytics, and a desire to build a great business.&nbsp; A successful candidate will have a proven track record developing pricing/packaging strategies, taking end-to-end ownership, and successfully delivering results in a fast-paced and dynamic business environment.&nbsp; This is a team leadership role, reporting to the Vice President of Monetization.</span></p>
<p><strong>Job Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead all aspects of pricing/packaging strategy.&nbsp; Develop insights and recommendations through customer segmentation, competitive differentiation, price discovery &amp; experimentation, product strategy, and financial analysis. Define pricing strategies and optimization initiatives to deliver significant growth (reach and revenue).</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build and lead an exceptional team to drive pricing excellence across Cloudflare.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate extensively across all functional teams within Cloudflare, including significant exposure to our executive leadership.&nbsp; In particular, you will partner with Product, Sales, Finance, Analytics, and Operations.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop customer insights to understand customer segmentation, value drivers, willingness to pay, purchase behaviors, and adoption incentives.&nbsp; Conduct customer research, including qualitative, quantitative, and pricing pilots/experimentation.&nbsp; Monitor and analyze customer metrics.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understand competitive landscape and develop competitive differentiation to support our pricing &amp; packaging and sales motion.&nbsp; Understand competitive pricing practices.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Enable Sales to articulate P&amp;P value proposition to support value selling motion.&nbsp; Create compelling sales enablement assets and customer facing materials.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with product management to understand (and influence) product roadmap, communicate customer value drivers &amp; willingness to pay, and develop P&amp;P recommendations.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop pricing metrics and dashboards to provide insights across the organization.&nbsp; Analyze customer research, sales data, product usage data, and financial data to uncover insights and drive recommendations.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support Sales and Deal Desk during sales motion and negotiations.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Participate in our annual planning process with executive leadership and FP&amp;A team.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">10+ years of experience in pricing strategy or marketing strategy experience in top tier consulting firm or leading software provider</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelor's degree required; MBA preferred</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong communication and influence, both written and oral, across all levels of the organization (executive to manager, multiple functions)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong leader with ability to build, motivate, and coach teams</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in building pricing systems, tools, and processes </span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Able to analyze data and distill into actionable insights for leadership</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">High level of attention to detail and ability to prioritize multiple projects at once</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Able to identify and develop solutions to complex problems from a strategic and operational perspective</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Self-motivated and thrives in a fast-paced environment</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Highly proficient in all applications of Microsoft Office including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>