<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Locations Available:</strong> Lisbon, Portugal or London, UK<br><br><strong>Duration</strong>: Fixed term contract until December 2027</p>
<h2><strong>What you'll do</strong></h2>
<p>Cloudflare is undergoing an accelerated global payroll transformation. Our focus is getting the best people to work at Cloudflare and then allowing them to do their best work. We are looking for a technical, operational minded, hands-on and highly motivated People Operations Implementation Manager to join our People Ops team as a dedicated project lead. In this role, you aren’t just doing HR, you are leading the rollout and implementation of a global payroll system (Workday to ADP) across 16 countries.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In this role, you aren't just managing the implementation, you are the architect of our new global payroll operating model from a People Operations perspective. You will manage a team of two People Operations Specialists and act as the primary bridge between People Ops, Payroll, and our HRIS team. You will be responsible for ensuring that as we scale, our processes are standardized, our data is bulletproof, and our transition from project-state to Business-As-Usual is seamless.</p>
<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></h2>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Active Implementation Lead:</strong> Manage the end-to-end People Operations transition to ADP for 4–6 countries simultaneously, taking joint ownership of the project from initial design through to a stable "Post-Go-Live" Hypercare ensuring long-term operational success.</li>
	<li><strong>Standardization:</strong> Move away from bespoke local processes. Directly define and build the new standardized payroll operating model. You will create the technical "playbook" that the People Ops specialists will use to ensure consistency across all 16 countries.</li>
	<li><strong>Change Management &amp; Knowledge Transfer: </strong>Review and finalise post-implementation Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs). You will lead the "shift" in how local teams work, ensuring they move from manual spreadsheets to Workday or AI automation. You will provide training, workshops, and dedicated support to ensure a seamless handoff from the project phase to BAU (Business As Usual).</li>
	<li><strong>Operational Excellence:</strong> Raise your hand if a solution drifts from company standards or data integrity is compromised. Manage the end-to-end People Operations transition to ADP for 4–6 countries simultaneously, taking joint ownership of the project from initial design through to a stable "Post-Go-Live" Hypercare ensuring long-term operational success.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Data Integrity &amp; Technical Execution: </strong>Ensure high-volume data cleansing and rigorous validation in Excel/G-Sheets to ensure Workday remains the single source of truth. You will lead detailed audits between Workday and ADP to guarantee 100% data parity during Post/Go-Live and Hypercare.</li>
	<li><strong>UAT &amp; Testing:</strong> Audit and validate the Testing Tracker. You will perform rigorous testing to ensure system tasks (Hire-to-Retire) trigger as expected and reflect real-world daily operations. You will actively perform integration testing with the PPS team to confirm system tasks trigger as expected.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration:</strong> Partner proactively with the wider People Team, Benefits, Legal, and IT to manage and gain further clarity on specific local legislation and flag discrepancies during project calls.</li>
	<li><strong>Leadership &amp; People Management:</strong> Managing and developing high-performing team members. You must be comfortable leading two Senior People Operations Specialists, providing them with technical guidance, setting clear performance expectations, and acting as an escalation point during complex implementation phases.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What We’re Looking For</strong></h2>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Experience:</strong> 8+ years in People Operations or Payroll with a proven track record of supporting large-scale payroll system rollouts.</li>
	<li><strong>Adaptable &amp; Project-Minded:</strong> Experience managing multiple projects with competing deadlines. You know how to "raise your hand" early when a project timeline or data point is at risk.</li>
	<li><strong>Workday Literacy:</strong> High proficiency in Workday, specifically in running/validating reports and understanding how data flows from Workday to third-party payroll providers (ideally ADP Celergo integrations).</li>
	<li><strong>AI automation:</strong> Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making.</li>
	<li><strong>Payroll Knowledge</strong>: Deep understanding of the HR-to-Payroll pipeline and the technical nuances of the Hire-to-Retire lifecycle across different geographies is required. A working knowledge and understanding of processing payrolls, end to end is highly desirable.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Communication:</strong> Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to lead workshops and translate technical system requirements for non-technical local experts.</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>