<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations:&nbsp;</strong>Austin, TX, US</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is seeking a motivated and detail-oriented Go-To-Market Operations Product Manager Intern to join our team for the spring semester. This is a unique opportunity to take ownership of a critical, real-world project that directly impacts our business and customer satisfaction. You'll work closely with the product manager for our Magic WAN Connector, a new hardware offering that simplifies connecting customer branch offices to Cloudflare’s network and security services.</p>
<p>We're looking for someone who thrives on solving complex problems and excels at designing efficient, scalable processes and is eager to build the operational foundation for a key hardware product.</p>
<p>Our Magic WAN Connector is a core component of our growing product portfolio, and we are focused on scaling its delivery to meet increasing customer demand. As an appliance-based product, its success depends on a seamless, efficient, and scalable supply chain. We've built strong relationships with key hardware partners like Dell and TD Synnex, and we now need a dedicated owner to optimize and formalize these processes as we expand globally. You will guide and lead our manufacturing partners to meet our customers’ expectations as well as drive Operational Excellence for Cloudflare.</p>
<p>This is not just an internship; it's a chance to build the foundation for a critical business function.</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>Process Design &amp; Optimization: Analyze and map out the end-to-end hardware logistics process, from manufacturing and fulfillment to customer delivery. Identify opportunities to improve efficiency and design new, scalable solutions that streamline our hardware delivery workflow. You will develop and document repeatable, global processes for everything from proof-of-concept programs to warranty return RMAs.</li>
	<li>Stakeholder Management: Act as the primary point of contact for key hardware partners (Dell, TD Synnex) and internal teams, including sales, operations, and product management. You will help define SLAs and streamline communications to ensure smooth handoffs and clear accountability.</li>
	<li>Demand Planning: Define forecasting methodologies to provide clear demand signals and support inventory planning.</li>
	<li>Documentation: Create and formalize a repeatable process for hardware logistics and supply chain that can be used as a blueprint for future growth.</li>
	<li>Project Management: Take full ownership of key projects, from initial discovery and analysis through to implementation and execution.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Desirable Skills, Knowledge, and Experience:</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>Currently pursuing a degree in Industrial Engineering, Supply Chain Management, Operations, Logistics, or a related field.</li>
	<li>Someone with a strong interest in process design, operational efficiency, and solving interesting logistical puzzles.</li>
	<li>Excellent communication skills with the ability to engage with both external partners and internal teams.</li>
	<li>A self-starter who is comfortable with ambiguity and eager to take initiative.</li>
	<li>Ability to commit to a 16-week internship.</li>
	<li>In office 3-5 days a week in Austin, TX.</li>
	<li>Internship dates: <strong>January 12, 2026 - May 1, 2026</strong></li>
	<li><strong>Bonus skills:</strong> Familiarity with networking, SD-WAN, or other tech-related concepts. A background in both computer science/networking and industrial engineering would be a significant asset, but is not required.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>