<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4>About the department</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for a results-driven Anaplan expert to join Cloudflare’s Anaplan Center of Excellence. This is a key position in a fast-paced high-tech company, utilizing a leading-edge technology environment. The Model Builder will partner with cross-functional teams in designing, building, and supporting critical business solutions and processes on the Anaplan platform. They will also assist in maintaining existing models, providing architectural guidance, and driving Anaplan best practices for initiatives across the company. The ideal candidate must have a deep understanding of end to end planning processes across FP&amp;A or Sales Operations in addition to prior implementation experience with the Anaplan platform.</span></p>
<h4>What you'll do</h4>
<ul>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with business partners to fully understand the pain points and areas of improvements across the platform</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop the Connected Planning environment across the business on Anaplan</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrate a hands-on approach to model building, configuration and maintenance in order to develop technical solutions for business problems</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Follow Anaplan best practices for model design and implementation (Anaplan Way/Agile)</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with extended BI/IT teams on data integration and automation</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Provide technical direction in the implementation of large-scale Anaplan projects</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Validate or challenge the way things have always been done and identify areas for process and/or support tool improvements and efficiencies</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Leverage business process knowledge and expertise in Anaplan area to drive business process improvements</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify business requirements, requirements management, functional design, prototyping, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), testing, training, defining support procedures and supporting implementations within Anaplan platform</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Required: Anaplan Certified Model Builder (completion of Level 1 and 2 model building and Anaplan Way). Nice to have: Master Anaplanner certification</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Minimum 3 years supporting FP&amp;A, Sales Finance, or Sales Operations business functions with a working knowledge of end-to-end business processes</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">At least 1 year experience working with Anaplan at or with SaaS companies</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience and understanding of a SAAS business environment</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to translate functional requirements into technical requirements and leverage best practice to drive towards the best result</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent communication skills with the ability to impart ideas in both technical and user-friendly language</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Highly motivated and driven, with keen attention to detail and the ability to multi task in a self-managed environment</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Data integrations experience with CRM, HCM, ERP, etc. is a plus.</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to develop documentation for training</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>