<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>Location: Lisbon </strong></h4>
<h4><strong>Impact at Cloudflare</strong></h4>
<p>Cloudflare believes that a better Internet can be not only a force for good, but an engine of global sustainability. We have a longstanding belief that our mission means helping make the Internet better <em>for everyone</em>. We believe that everyone should have access to an Internet that is faster, more reliable, more private, and more secure, and we strive to live up to our core values of being principled, curious, and transparent.</p>
<p>In 2021, reflecting our mission and values, Cloudflare officially launched <a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/impact/">Cloudflare Impact</a>, our comprehensive corporate responsibility and environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiative. Cloudflare Impact reflects a company-wide effort dedicated to finding new ways to use our network to do good in the world. Cloudflare Impact includes our environmental program, our human rights program, and the programs we have built to help provide free or low cost cybersecurity support to vulnerable entities, among other efforts. These programs include:</p>
<ul>
	<li><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/galileo/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a>: Project Galileo is Cloudflare’s project to equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with free security tools to defend themselves against cyberattacks. The program now includes more than 2,600 participants in over 111 countries working in human rights, independent media and journalism, and other humanitarian and public interest efforts.&nbsp;</li>
	<li><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/"><strong>Athenian Project</strong></a>: The Athenian Project is designed to ensure that state and local governments have access to Cloudflare's highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</li>
	<li><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/campaigns/"><strong>Cloudflare for Campaigns</strong></a><strong>:</strong><strong> </strong>Cloudflare for Campaigns is a partnership with Defending Digital Campaigns to provide access to a suite of cybersecurity products to candidates for political office and political party organizations in the United States.&nbsp;</li>
	<li><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/celebrating-one-year-of-project-cybersafe-schools/"><strong>Project Cybersafe Schools</strong></a><strong>:</strong><strong> </strong>Announced as part of the Back to School Safely: K-12 Cybersecurity Summit at the White House on August 8, 2023, Project Cybersafe Schools supports eligible K-12 public school districts with a package of Zero Trust cybersecurity solutions — for free, and with no time limit.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>For more information on Cloudflare Impact, please see our annual <a href="https://cf-assets.www.cloudflare.com/slt3lc6tev37/3Z7xOV53lGEIAwCqw5SncT/69eaca7bd5d2395ee0274b15e7854dd6/2023_Impact_Report.pdf">Impact Report</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Cloudflare is looking for an Impact Project Coordinator to join Cloudflare’s Impact team. The role will report to the Head of Cloudflare Impact, and will be based out of our Lisbon, Portugal office.</p>
<p>As an Impact Project Coordinator, you will provide day to day support for Cloudflare’s Impact programs, which help protect non-profit, state and local governments, and other vulnerable entities from cyberattack. You will serve as the first point of contact for organizations interested in participating in Cloudflare's Impact programs, including helping manage new applications and onboardings, as well as helping organize technical support for current participants. You will also be expected to help improve the management of Cloudflare's Impact programs, including documenting common problems and solutions, creating guides to improve the user experience, and organizing and maintaining detailed records to support reporting requirements.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Because of the nature of Cloudflare’s Impact Projects, you must be able to communicate effectively with non-profit entities, government representatives, and internal teams to support our Impact customers. As our existing Impact projects and others continue to grow, there will be opportunities to think creatively about growth and expansion, including by making new products available to vulnerable organizations online.&nbsp;</p>
<p>A normal day at Cloudflare will involve working cross-functionally with our teams responsible for product, engineering, sales, network infrastructure, marketing, compliance, public policy, and trust and safety to effectively support our Impact Projects and participants. Coordinating with our diverse, multidisciplinary team, you will assist in improving existing processes, establishing goals for continued program growth and expansion, and expanding outreach with key stakeholders.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>The ideal candidate is a proactive self-starter, with a thirst for knowledge and an understanding of technology.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Must have the ability to organize, prioritize, and manage many tasks on a complex project.</li>
	<li>Must be highly organized generally, and able to create and maintain detailed program records.</li>
	<li>Must have the ability to work collaboratively on a team and to develop efficient and effective solutions in an amenable manner.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Must have excellent written and oral communication skills, including ability to write articles or blog posts on various topics that appeal to a broad audience.</li>
	<li>Bachelor's Degree.</li>
	<li>Must be willing to try new things, develop creative solutions, and work under deadlines.</li>
	<li>Above all, you love the Internet and have a passion for making it better.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>1-2 years experience working in public policy, journalism, or at a non-profit organization.</li>
	<li>Technical background or undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or Network Engineering</li>
	<li>Undergraduate degree in public policy, international relations, journalism, or human rights.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Strong interest in learning about Cloudflare products, global Internet policy, and cybersecurity.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>