<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Sr. Product Marketing Manager, Application Security</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is looking for an experienced product marketer to join our application security product marketing team. This is a high-impact, results-oriented role, where you will work directly with Sales, Product Management, and Marketing to take new products to market and develop messaging and campaigns that drive acquisition and expansion.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The application security portfolio consists of the web application firewall, rate limiting, bot management, and DDOS protection. Successful candidates will have a passion for helping to build a better Internet by enabling web properties to improve their security posture. You will have a drive to understand customer needs, dig into product details, and elevate our messaging to deliver solution-oriented, breakthrough initiatives.&nbsp; You will enjoy this role if you like working with fast-paced teams and having autonomy to drive your initiatives.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is a part of our Product Marketing team and reports into our Head of Application and Network Services Product Marketing. This will be a highly visible leadership role within the organization, which will have a significant impact on the long-term growth of the fast-growing Cloudflare business.</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own go-to-market activities for application security products.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understand and exploit the weaknesses of both box vendors as well as cloud providers in app security.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Evangelize Cloudflare products to analysts, prospects, and customers—in meetings, webinars, conferences and tradeshows.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be the voice of the product to the entire marketing team. Be the voice of the marketing team to product management and CTO organization.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop messaging that proves Cloudflare’s differentiation in app security.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and execute integrated marketing campaigns to drive demand for application security products and solutions.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Provide support for the field sales teams in the form of sales plays for both mid-market and enterprise</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with our Analyst Relations team to establish Cloudflare as a security leader.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">8+ years of experience in product marketing/product management with at least 5 years in a security-focused role.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience at one or more cyber security vendors. Knowledge of HTTP, OWASP, Bots&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience positioning technical products to both technical users and economic decision makers</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent written and </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">presentation skills. This role demands someone who is gifted in their ability to communicate effectively with all stakeholders, including product management, sales, comms, and marketing.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to manage ambiguity and navigate unforeseen obstacles gracefully.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Self-starter who truly enjoys working in a fast-paced, innovative cloud services company.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">BS/BA degree in Marketing, Business, Engineering, or related field</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>