<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Mexico City or Lisbon</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>The Web Strategy team is the digital front door to Cloudflare. We are looking for a curious, self-motivated superstar to be the analytical engine that fuels our most critical website initiatives.</p>
<p>This is not a typical analyst role. We're looking for a unique blend of web analyst and data scientist—a true artisan of data who can go beyond simple reporting. You will be a strategic partner, responsible for diving deep into complex datasets, stitching together disparate sources, and surfacing the "why" behind the "what." Your insights will directly inform our roadmap for needle-moving personalization and experimentation, helping us understand user journeys, identify friction points, and uncover hidden opportunities. If you are passionate about transforming raw data into compelling stories and actionable strategies, we want to hear from you.</p>
<h4><strong>Key responsibilities</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Lead deep-dive analysis:</strong> Serve as the subject matter expert for web analytics, conducting in-depth analyses of user behavior, conversion funnels, and content engagement across our global web properties</li>
	<li><strong>Stitch &amp; synthesize data:</strong> Query, extract, and blend large datasets from multiple sources including our web analytics platform, BI database, CRM, and marketing automation platforms</li>
	<li><strong>Develop actionable insights:</strong> Go beyond dashboards to deliver rich insights on user journeys, segmentation, friction points, trends, and projections. Your analysis will be the catalyst for strategic decisions</li>
	<li><strong>Build compelling visualizations:</strong> Design, develop, and maintain robust dashboards and reports in Tableau, Looker Studio, Adobe Analytics, and similar tools tailored to various audiences, from executive leadership to marketing campaign managers</li>
	<li><strong>Fuel experimentation &amp; personalization:</strong> Partner closely with the A/B testing and personalization teams to formulate hypotheses, design measurement frameworks, and conduct post-test analysis to determine the business impact of our initiatives</li>
	<li><strong>Apply AI:</strong> Continuously evaluate applicability of internal AI tools and capabilities to increase velocity, timeliness, and quality of insights</li>
	<li><strong>Model &amp; forecast:</strong> Develop and run statistical models to forecast key web metrics, predict user behavior (e.g., propensity to convert), and identify the key drivers of success</li>
	<li><strong>Champion data-driven culture:</strong> Act as a consultant and advocate for data literacy within the marketing organization, proactively sharing insights in internal communication forums and helping stakeholders ask the right questions</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Experience</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>8+ years experience working in a large B2B, D2C, SaaS, or enterprise cloud company</li>
	<li>5+ years of experience in a data analytics role, preferably within marketing, web analytics, or product analytics</li>
	<li>Deep, hands-on experience with at least one enterprise-level web analytics platform (e.g., Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics 4, etc.) in a very high web traffic environment</li>
	<li>Experience with A/B/n testing methodologies and statistical significance.</li>
	<li>Experience with data warehouses like BigQuery, Snowflake or similar</li>
	<li>Proficiency in SQL for querying complex, large-scale datasets</li>
	<li>Knowledge of statistical programming languages, such as Python or R is a plus</li>
	<li>Familiarity with analyzing data from CRM (e.g., Salesforce) and Marketing Automation (e.g., Marketo) platforms to create a full-funnel view</li>
	<li>Proven expertise in creating impactful dashboards and data visualizations using tools like Tableau, Looker Studio, etc</li>
	<li>Exceptional communication and storytelling skills, with the ability to translate analytical findings into clear, concise, and actionable recommendations</li>
	<li>Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field (e.g., Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Mathematics) or equivalent practical experience is preferred</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Reasonable overlap with US work hours expected during the week. Weekend work while not expected may arise occasionally for important or embargoed launches.</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>