<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h3 class="font-600 text-xl font-bold">About The Role</h3>
<p class="whitespace-pre-wrap break-words">We launched Vectorize, our vector database offering, during our birthday week in September 2023. If you're not familiar with Vectorize, you should check out our <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/vectorize-vector-database-for-ai/">launch blog post</a>. We built Vectorize to make AI-powered applications accessible to all developers, regardless of their familiarity with vector databases or machine learning. You shouldn't need a background in data science, building complex data infrastructures, or managing distributed systems at scale to be able to leverage the power of vector search and deliver cutting-edge AI experiences to your end users.</p>
<p class="whitespace-pre-wrap break-words">So what is Vectorize? It's a vector database as a service platform, empowering developers to store, search, and retrieve vector embeddings with just a few lines of code, all powered by our global network. It's open and accessible, serverless, privacy-focused, runs near your users, pay-as-you-go, and it's built from the ground up for a best-in-class developer experience. You'll be responsible for driving, building, and shipping everything needed to make Cloudflare the best place to run vector search operations that "just work" out of the box.</p>
<h3 class="font-600 text-xl font-bold">What You'll Do</h3>
<ul class="-mt-1 list-disc space-y-2 pl-8">
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Drive the strategy, roadmap &amp; represent Vectorize across the organization</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Lead projects from ideation through launch, and continuing through ongoing maintenance and support</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Develop and nurture relationships with engineering and coordinate closely to ensure successful delivery of product features</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Talk to developers (probably the most important)! You'll need to be crafty and develop a playbook to find the right users to talk to. This might include diving into our BI tools to find specific cohorts that are worth talking to, engaging on our developer discord, or heading straight to Twitter or Hacker News to engage and build relationships with the community.</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Partner with other departments such as Product Marketing, Marketing, Community &amp; Developer Relations, Sales, and Customer Support to drive adoption with and gather feedback from customers and prospects</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Ruthlessly prioritize across a complex environment of diverse customers, stakeholders and objectives</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Represent the company externally as needed, including meetings with customers and prospects and analysis</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Delve into market research to drive new investment opportunities in the vector database and AI application space</li>
</ul>
<h3 class="font-600 text-xl font-bold">Examples Of Desirable Skills, Knowledge And Experience</h3>
<p class="whitespace-pre-wrap break-words">You have outstanding communication and collaboration skills and are able to work with a diverse group, get alignment, and drive the product forward. You are execution focused and emphasize getting things done while paying attention to important details.</p>
<ul class="-mt-1 list-disc space-y-2 pl-8">
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Proven track record of shipping developer-facing products from ideation to launch</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Developer focus — you'll be working directly, and often be a part of the customer's team in helping them get their initial implementation off the ground</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">BS/MS in a technology field</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Professional product management experience (3-4 years) or previous founder experience</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Strong technical abilities. You are intimately familiar with modern software development practices used to build and deploy applications. You are capable of wading into the details &amp; understanding engineering decisions' impact on the product, but can also drive 30k foot view</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">A desire to sweat the details and ship great developer experiences</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Experience using developer tools (such as source-control management tools, CLIs, etc)</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">A love for talking to developers at organizations both large and small on a daily basis so that you can build and ship products that solve real problems</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Scripting/programming experience (Javascript, Rust, Go, etc.) and/or experience with query languages</li>
	<li class="whitespace-normal break-words">Nice to have - background or familiarity with vector databases, similarity search algorithms, or ML/AI. Not a hard requirement, but you must have a burning desire to dive into this space and learn, and make your mark</li>
</ul>
<p class="font-600 text-xl font-bold">Available Locations: Austin or San Francisco or NYC</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>