<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h3><strong>About the department</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Emerging Technologies &amp; Incubation (ETI) is where new and bold products are built and released within Cloudflare. Rather than being constrained by the structures which make Cloudflare a massively successful business, we are able to leverage them to deliver entirely new tools and products to our customers. Cloudflare’s edge and network make it possible to solve problems at massive scale and efficiency which would be impossible for almost any other organization.</span></p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Here at Cloudflare, privacy is core to what we do. This includes giving users more control over their data, working with browser and operating system vendors to reduce cross-site tracking, and/or building first-party, privacy-focused products for customers ourselves, we’re increasingly working to improve the default state of privacy and security on the web.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re looking for engineers to join our team and address these challenges (and more). You’ll work on projects related to </span><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-verifies-code-whatsapp-web-serves-users/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">improving how we verify code served in the browser</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">, software supply chain security, scaling the systems that power our </span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">WARP (1.1.1.1) mobile apps</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">—and brainstorm ideas with a team keen to do even more.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience:</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">4+ years of experience working with browsers, web frameworks, or building privacy software</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid foundation in computer science and software engineering with strong competencies in software design, and building distributed systems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience implementing tools, process, internal instrumentation, methodologies and resolving blockages</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Comfortable with systems level languages like Rust and/or Go</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Great communication skills and the ability to work on various initiatives.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A kind and generous attitude towards customers and coworkers alike.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own your work from early discussions to the day it ships.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A high regard for good documentation.</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Working hands-on with your team and our users to deliver production ready, industry-standard code.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborating with engineers, product managers, designers, and other stakeholders.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Advocating for end-user privacy in the applications and services you build and contribute to maintaining a high degree of reliability and stability for the applications we ship.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Communicating effectively across the team.</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Bonus Points:</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’ve worked on and/or contributed to a major browser or web framework, and understand the web security model well</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have experience implementing cryptographic algorithms and have some familiarity with AEADs, public-key cryptography, and/or hashes.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An interest in collaborating on new Internet standards surrounding privacy and security.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with TypeScript, JavaScript and/or WebAssembly &amp; Cloud deployments (we increasingly deploy services on our </span><a href="https://workers.cloudflare.com/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Workers platform</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Previous experience shipping privacy-centric products and/or in a privacy-first organization.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location. For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:168000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">168,000</span> - $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:206000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14589,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">206,000</span>.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equity</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</span></p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.&nbsp; Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!&nbsp; The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.</span></p>
<p><strong>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Medical/Rx Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Dental Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Vision Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Flexible Spending Accounts</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Commuter Spending Accounts</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Global Travel Medical Insurance</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Financial Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Short and Long Term Disability Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Life &amp; Accident Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">401(k) Retirement Savings Plan</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee Stock Participation Plan</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Time Off</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">JOB ID #OY_121</span></p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>