<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4>Available Locations: Lisbon, Portugal</h4>
<h4>About the Role</h4>
<p>We are looking for a dynamic and results-driven Capacity Planning Engineer to join our Infrastructure Capacity Engineering team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In this role, you will be responsible for aligning Cloudflare’s supply planning strategy with infrastructure capacity needs. You will ensure the right amount of compute, networking, and storage resources are available at the right time and in the right locations to support Cloudflare’s global infrastructure expansion. This is an excellent opportunity to contribute to the scaling of Cloudflare's infrastructure and services.</p>
<p>You will collaborate cross-functionally with teams from Supply Chain, Network Engineering, Infrastructure Operations, Finance, and Procurement to drive operational excellence, reduce costs, and ensure that Cloudflare continues to deliver performance at scale.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Lead supply planning strategies to optimize inventory levels, reduce lead times, and ensure that supplier commitments align with Cloudflare’s global expansion</li>
	<li>Manage capacity planning efforts, ensuring efficient hardware deployments that meet performance, cost, and timeline targets.</li>
	<li>Partner with procurement teams to develop sourcing strategies that mitigate supply chain risks and align with Cloudflare’s business objectives and budget constraints.</li>
	<li>Work with Infrastructure Operations and Data Center teams to streamline deployment timelines, optimize workflows, and ensure on-time delivery of critical infrastructure.</li>
	<li>Develop and maintain models to anticipate and plan infrastructure demand, aligning with business growth, traffic trends, and customer needs.</li>
	<li>Contribute to the scaling of the team’s level of sophistication and automation, implementing new tools and methodologies to enhance the planning and deployment process, and driving continuous improvements in efficiency.</li>
	<li>Identify and mitigate risks related to supply chain disruptions, capacity constraints, and long lead-times, while maintaining continuity of scaling.</li>
	<li>Provide data-driven insights and actionable recommendations to senior leadership, enhancing planning processes and optimizing resource allocation.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>5+ years of experience in supply planning, capacity planning, demand planning, or a related field</li>
	<li>Strong analytical skills with a track record of supply planning, supply chain optimization, and scenario modeling in complex environments.</li>
	<li>Proficiency in data analysis tools such as Excel, SQL, and experience working with ERP or planning software (e.g., SAP, Oracle, or similar).</li>
	<li>Exceptional cross-functional collaboration and stakeholder management skills, with the ability to engage teams across multiple functions and geographies.</li>
	<li>Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, managing multiple priorities and driving continuous improvement in processes and tools.</li>
	<li>Strong communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to convey complex ideas clearly and concisely to stakeholders at all levels of the organization.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>