<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canada is of major importance for Cloudflare’s expansion across the Americas region. We are looking for a strategic builder Vice President of Sales for Canada to help us scale our operation, acquire new customers and drive further investment in the region. In this role, you will be responsible for driving Cloudflare’s revenue in the region.&nbsp; The focus of the role will be customer-facing, with an emphasis on building up the regional sales coverage model as well as customer and prospect engagement including nurturing of executive relationships with key enterprise customers. You will be relied upon to provide direction to all sales and customer functions for Cloudflare across Canada.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design, build and execute strategies for Cloudflare in Canada in collaboration with regional and global functional leaders</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Grow and build the Canada team and drive the local hiring needs for Canada by working with global functional leadership and recruiting resources&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Drive sales growth through successful leadership, organizational building, customer and prospect engagement, and outstanding planning and execution of the go-to-market plan for Canada&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and maintain relationships with Canadian industry and government agencies and other related associations that are key to Cloudflare’s success in the Canadian Market</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Drive business cadence for forecast calls, functional review meetings, deal review, customer account reviews, weekly team meetings and periodic company-wide kick offs</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Serve as the head of office and the local point person for all functions housed in the Canada offices</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Interject as the single point of contact for all Canada operational concerns, ensuring proper and timely escalation and resolution</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Represent Cloudflare as appropriate at external conferences, media and PR events</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">10+ years of Regional or Country Leadership experience, coupled with sales management &amp; channel partner experience&nbsp; for networking, security and SaaS/Cloud platforms</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep experience and relationships with the SaaS/Cloud community in Canada and ability to establish, build and grow strong relationships across all customer segments&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Enterprise/corporate market rich experience including having a well regarded reputation in the Canadian market and strong connections/relationships with large enterprise customers</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to define, develop and lead go-to-market programs in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment. &nbsp; Experience and capability to work with channel partners.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sales growth oriented leader who drives rapid change and growth</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exceptional collaboration, relationship-building and interpersonal skills – with the ability to develop working relationships at all levels of management, both inside and outside Cloudflare</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Curious, empathetic, fast learner who thrives in a high growth, continuous change environment</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>