<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>About the role</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for an experienced Infrastructure Engineer Manager to support a group of engineers within our Data Center Engineering team. This role will be responsible for the rollout of our global infrastructure estate, you will support a team of engineers who plan, implement and operate the infrastructure solution that runs Cloudflare’s products. We work at a fast pace and you will be expected to bridge the gap between functions to ensure the success of our deployments, whilst directing your engineers to ensure high output and high quality.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will bring a passion for meeting business needs with building technically innovative solutions and excel at shifting between the two—understanding how big-picture goals inform technical details, and vice-versa. You will thrive in a hypergrowth engineering environment which poses both technical and leadership challenges, but comes with a high degree of role satisfaction. Importantly, you will have a track record of scaling teams and driving change, and be well respected as both a technical mentor and manager in past roles.</span></p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build, support, and develop a team of Data Center engineers</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with and leverage project managers to support group initiatives</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Managed 3rd party vendors to support infrastructure delivery</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop needed operational KPIs and metrics to track delivery status</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage and improve infrastructure delivery workflows</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Update policies, processes, and procedures for all aspects of Data Center operations</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop operational SLOs</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Review incident reports, document periodic trend summaries, and provide updates and recommend best practices to leadership</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Engage and communicate with cross-functional teams/stakeholders to improve the infrastructure delivery pipeline</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be part of an on-call rotation for Data Center operations</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of experience in data-center and/or telecommunications industry</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledgeable of physical, structural, and fiber-optic (cabling) infrastructure design&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of direct people management experience (leading, growing, and mentoring)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience building edge data center deployments (including power planning, cage and cabinet build)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent verbal, written communication and presentation skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excel at planning, creating teams, overseeing execution to meet commitments, and deliver with predictability</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience working with multiple time zones and multiple cross-functional teams</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in analyzing situations and problem-solving</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid stakeholder management experience&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong competency with project management tools (admin-level experience strongly preferred for Confluence, JIRA )</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with SaaS infrastructure service delivery&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Past experience maturing infrastructure delivery process</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Multi-lingual; experience working with infrastructure in multiple countries</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Project Galileo</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Athenian Project</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Path Forward Partnership</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> 1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> privacy commitment</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.&nbsp; All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.&nbsp; Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.&nbsp; If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hr@cloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
<p><br><br></p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>