<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Infrastructure Business Operations&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the department.</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Global Infrastructure organization at Cloudflare handles all our data centers and network interconnections around the world, from research and development of our servers, to planning network capacity expansions, to getting our equipment anywhere in the world that it’s needed, to executing new deployments and data center expansions.&nbsp; Network Strategy, Infrastructure Engineering, Hardware Systems Engineering, Infrastructure Operations, and Datacenter Infrastructure Growth are the key departmental functions that form part of the Infrastructure team.</span></p>
<p><strong>About the role.</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">High-growth companies tend to evolve quickly as they grow, so we are looking for talented individuals who thrive in a fast-paced environment and crave ambiguous problems. This role contributes to shaping the direction of our growth and positioning the Infrastructure organization to scale successfully, as well as fill important gaps in the business as they arise. Responsibilities will include:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Performing analyses and modeling for infrastructure utilization, costs, and gross margin optimization</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Setting up, refining, and automating internal processes</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Creating organized data flows and delivering novel analyses on infrastructural operational levers</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Budget structuring and forecasting, e.g. for hardware, data centers, and bandwidth</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Technical project management: Identifying, prioritizing, and leading follow-through on various simultaneous projects</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience.</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Structured thinker with demonstrated ability to tell stories with data and deliver thorough recommendations</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Technically inclined with outstanding modeling skills in Excel and the ability to work with SQL or Python, as well as a solid foundation in financial valuation</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Basic understanding of how the Internet works on a physical and theoretical level, e.g., TCP/IP, DNS, BGP, peering, transit, transport, and content proxy caching</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Detail-oriented, curious, and a humble personality that is willing to work on both strategic and tactical projects</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent communication skills; the ability to articulate and distill nuanced contractual, technical, financial, and value points to a diverse range of people both in formal settings and quick emails</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Minimum 2 years experience at a top-tier management consulting firm, investing firm, and/or experience on a Product, Business Operations, or Internal Strategy team at a technology company</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong collaborator with a high level of personal integrity</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Self-directed and self-motivated</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Equity</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>