<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Workday Functional Analyst</strong></p>
<p><strong>Job Location: Bengaluru India&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the department</strong><br>Cloudflare’s Enterprise Applications Team builds and runs Enterprise systems to enable&nbsp;Cloudflare internal teams to operate efficiently and enable our customers and partners to do&nbsp;business with us. Enterprise Applications Team is part of the CIO organization. Within the&nbsp;Enterprise Applications Team is a technical team whose main responsibility is to manage our&nbsp;Workday application.</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong><br>As a Workday Functional Analyst, you are expected to be involved in the following:<br> Configuration of the Workday application in multiple modules including but not limited to:&nbsp;Core HCM, Talent and Performance, Learning and Advanced Compensation, Absence&nbsp;Management, Time Tracking, Benefits, Security etc.<br> Lead and or participate in optimization projects to help business users realize the full&nbsp;potential of Workday<br> Serve as an advisor to other Workday post-production engagements in accordance with&nbsp;your areas of expertise<br> Creation and updating documentation for Workday system enhancements<br> Build consensus around business processes and design<br> Communication of Workday capabilities and limitations<br> Configuration of Workday application in multiple modules<br> Consistent and ongoing interaction with client subject matter experts<br> Collaborate/ Consult with on and offshore resources</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong><br> Total of 7+ yrs experience with Bachelors Degree or higher in technology-related field or relevant experience in implementing Business systems<br> 3-5 years of Project or Production Support experience with SaaS Human Resource information System<br> 3-5 years of Workday HCM configuration and business process experience in two or&nbsp;more of the following: Recruiting, Core HCM, Security, Reporting, Benefits&nbsp;Administration, Payroll, Time Tracking, or Absence or Learning<br> 2 years of Workday Configurable Security and Custom Report Design and Development<br> Experience serving as a workstream lead on HCM implementations or optimization&nbsp;engagements, from design to deployment<br> Superior communication skills, both written and verbal<br> Experience with Excel, Word, Visio and Power point<br> Attention to detail and strong work ethic<br> Experienced in working with both internal and system integrator teams for development<br> Experience with Jira and Google Suite</p>
<p><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong><br> Workday PRO certified in HCM Core, Security, Advance Compensation, Benefits&nbsp;Administration, Time Tracking or Payroll</p>
<p> Consulting experience within the Human Resources Information Systems space</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>