<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h3><strong>Available Locations: Austin, Texas | Lisbon, Portugal | London, United Kingdom</strong></h3>
<h3 id="EngineeringManagerWorkersRuntime-AbouttheTeam">About the Team</h3>
<p>The Workers Runtime team delivers features and improvements to our Runtime which actually executes customer code at the edge. We care deeply about increasing performance, improving JS API surface area and compiled language support through WebAssembly, and optimizing to meet the next 10x increase in scale. The Runtime is a hostile environment - System resources such as memory, cpu, I/O, etc need to be managed extremely carefully and security must be foundational in everything we do.<br>At the same time we want to provide the best offering for our customers coming from many different languages and ecosystems, built in idiomatic support for JavaScript, Node.js, Rust, Python and more on Workers is crucial for our success.</p>
<h3 id="EngineeringManagerWorkersRuntime-Whatyou'lldo"><strong>What you'll do</strong></h3>
<p>We are looking for an Engineering Manager to join our team. You will work with a team of passionate, talented engineers that are building innovative products that bring security and speed to millions of internet users each day. You will play an active part in shaping product features and providing the best APIs to make our runtime the best it can be. You will make sure our company hits our ambitious goals from an engineering standpoint.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>You will change the way people build applications.</p>
<p>You bring a passion for meeting business needs by building technical, innovative solutions. You excel to understand how big-picture goals inform technical details. You thrive in a fast-paced iterative engineering environment and have experience in delivering scalable distributed systems. Most importantly, you have a track record of having past teams respect you as both a technical leader and manager.</p>
<h3 id="EngineeringManagerWorkersRuntime-Examplesofdesirableskills,knowledgeandexperience"><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li>Experience leading a team</li>
	<li>Comfortable leading and hiring a team that builds low level distributed systems.</li>
	<li>Excel at planning, creating teams and overseeing execution to meet commitments and deliver with predictability</li>
	<li>Comfortable building developer-loved APIs that scale</li>
	<li>Demonstrate a track record of leading a team including hiring, on-boarding, and professional development. You inspire your team to reach higher. You’re as good as explaining “why” as you are “how”</li>
	<li>Experience implementing tools, process, internal instrumentation, methodologies and resolving blockages</li>
	<li>At least 4 years of recent professional experience with C++ or Rust.</li>
	<li>Solid understanding of computer science fundamentals including data structures, algorithms, and object-oriented or functional design.</li>
	<li>Deep understanding of the web and technologies such as web browsers, HTTP, JavaScript and WebAssembly</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="EngineeringManagerWorkersRuntime-BonusPoints"><strong>Bonus Points</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li>Experience building high performance distributed systems.</li>
	<li>Experience working with cloud platforms, especially server-less platforms.</li>
	<li>Experience with the internals of JS engines such as V8, SpiderMonkey, or JavaScriptCore</li>
	<li>Experience with standalone WebAssembly runtimes such as Wasmtime, Wasmer, Lucet, etc</li>
	<li>Deep Linux/UNIX systems, kernel, or networking knowledge</li>
	<li>Contributions to large open source projects</li>
	<li>Experience working in low-latency real time environments such as game streaming, game engine architecture, high frequency trading, payment systems.</li>
	<li>Experience debugging, optimizing and identifying failure modes in&nbsp;a large-scale Linux-based distributed system.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>