<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Location: </strong>London, United Kingdom</p>
<hr>
<p><strong>About the Department</strong><strong><br></strong>Partner Account Managers, Account Executives, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, Customer Success, and Sales Operations – all working together help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create great internet-enabled experiences. The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers solve real, technical problems while creating the revenue streams that help the company provide free service to millions in our community.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong><strong><br></strong>We are looking for an experienced Principal Partner Account Manager, MSSP to build and lead&nbsp;EMEA through the MSSP route-to-market.</p>
<p>In this role, you’ll drive the strategy and execution for managing high-value, strategic partners across different regions. You will lead the development of joint business plans, work with senior partner stakeholders to align on mutual growth objectives, and ensure partners have the resources and support needed to drive partner-sourced revenue.</p>
<p>As a <strong>Principal Partner Account Manager, MSSP</strong>, you will be responsible for developing, managing, and optimizing key partner relationships globally, including driving the full sales lifecycle from opportunity registration to deal closure. You will influence partners’ go-to-market strategies, manage and optimize partner incentive programs, and collaborate closely with internal teams to achieve revenue and strategic goals.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Make a significant contribution to Cloudflare achieving its EMEA ARR$ target through the MSSP route to market.</li>
	<li>Manage key initiatives and run cadence with identified cross functional leads on multiple projects to operationalize the MSSP go to market in support of Cloudflare’s channel strategy.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Work with Product, Partner Programs, Sales and Partner Operations, Finance, Support, Marketing and other teams on critical initiatives that impact ease of doing business and MSSP productivity.</li>
	<li>Collaborate closely with Cloudflare’s EMEA Channel Leaders, Distributor team and Service Provider team to activate managed security services through these strategic partner segments. This will involve participation in partner recruiting, onboarding and ramp to revenue planning and execution.</li>
	<li>Support EMEA Regional Channel Managers in MSSP recruiting and onboarding activities.</li>
	<li>Create and maintain (with support from Partner Operations) global, standard MSSP KPIs and Performance Dashboard for EMEA’s MSSP RTM.</li>
	<li>Participate in MSSP listening posts, communication and feedback forums, councils, etc that build community with Cloudflare’s MSSP</li>
	<li>Collaborate with Partner Marketing to capture key topics and items of interest to include in outbound communications to MSSPs to build our MSSP community.</li>
	<li>Collaborate with Partner Enablement to capture requirements for role-based MSSP learning paths - sales, technical, service operation</li>
	<li>Participate in key MSSP QBRs; assist with follow up items</li>
	<li>Assist with internal Cloudflare Sales enablement on MSSPs, their value to Cloudflare, ROE, engagement best practices.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>7 - 10 years of experience working in channel positions, with a minimum of five years working directly with and/or for MSSPs; experience with 2-tier MSSP models a plus.</li>
	<li>Any combination of experience and demonstrable success working in MSSP management (MSSP Channel Account Manager, MSSP Development) channel sales (Channel or Partner Account Manager,) channel development, technical sales (SE or PSE) .</li>
	<li>A track record of achieving channel sales targets and other channel success metrics with MSSPs. Can include delivery of MSSP programs and initiatives.</li>
	<li>Ability to manage large scale, global projects involving internal cross-functional teams and external stakeholders with strategic MSSPs.</li>
	<li>Data-driven analytical skills and an understanding of MSSP KPIs</li>
	<li>Detail oriented with a desire to “dig into” all aspects of the partnerships between Cloudflare and its MSSPs. Knowledge of MSSP operating environments, processes, systems, platforms, tools is a plus.</li>
	<li>Comfortable interfacing with (and building relationships) with internal and MSSP stakeholders at all levels, including C-level executives.</li>
	<li>Tech experience with any combination of security, networking, cloud, software.</li>
	<li>Excellent communication skills including presentation skills.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>