<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Austin, TX</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Team</strong></p>
<p>The Legal, Policy, and Trust &amp; Safety (“LPT”) department is staffed by a world-class group of professionals who help Cloudflare navigate complex challenges while staying compliant and minimizing risk. Legal Operations plays a central role in scaling the LPT department – from driving contract management excellence, implementing technology solutions, and building processes that make our department more efficient and impactful.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are seeking a highly motivated Legal Operations Analyst to join our growing team. In this role, you will be responsible for optimizing and scaling our contract lifecycle management (CLM) processes, and advancing the LPT department’s technology roadmap. You will work with the Head of Legal Operations to optimize our Ironclad CLM system for efficient, scalable, and compliant workflows, while also driving automation, technology, and AI initiatives. You will partner with Legal, IT, and business teams to evaluate tools, lead implementations, and enhance the user experience across the organization.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate brings hands-on Ironclad experience, a deep understanding of legal operations best practices, and a passion for process improvement and technology. This highly impactful role offers the opportunity to shape contract management, drive adoption of AI and automation, and help scale the LPT department’s operations in a fast-paced, evolving environment.</p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>CLM Administration:</strong> Serve as a co-administrator for Ironclad, managing legal workflows, templates, clause libraries, reporting, and user access. Facilitate end-to-end contract processes, track milestones, and ensure timely approvals.</li>
	<li><strong>AI &amp; Technology Initiatives:</strong> Help pilot, implement, and optimize AI and automation tools to streamline legal workflows and enhance productivity. Document requirements and help build business cases, evaluate new technologies, and help drive adoption across the department.</li>
	<li><strong>Process Improvement: </strong>Identify opportunities to streamline in contract and workflow processes, recommend solutions, and help implement best practices to scale the legal function.</li>
	<li><strong>Project Management:</strong> Support projects end-to-end – from planning and coordination to rollout and adoption. Partner with Legal, IT, Finance, vendors, and other business stakeholders to ensure seamless implementations and integrations.</li>
	<li><strong>Analytics &amp; Reporting:</strong> Build dashboards and reports on contract metrics, KPIs, and technology adoption metrics to maintain data for leadership review.</li>
	<li><strong>Training &amp; Enablement:</strong> Develop documentation and training for LPT teams and business partners to maximize adoption of CLM and AI tools.</li>
	<li><strong>General Legal Ops Support:</strong> Ensure smooth execution of department workflows by supporting day-to-day operations, including maintaining knowledge bases, driving cross-functional initiatives, and supporting strategic ad hoc projects.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>5+ years of experience in legal operations, preferably at a fast-paced global technology company.</li>
	<li>Highly organized and proven in defining and executing a project from start to finish, ability to manage multiple concurrent projects, high-volume workloads, and shifting priorities with confidence.</li>
	<li>Strong technical acumen with hands-on experience designing processes, implementing, managing, and integrating legal systems with enterprise platforms.</li>
	<li>Proven track record of evaluating technology, driving automation initiatives, and delivering measurable improvements in legal workflows.</li>
	<li>Skilled in legal data analytics (ROI, cycle times, volumes, trends).</li>
	<li>Excellent communicator with strong writing skills; able to present complex issues clearly and concisely.</li>
	<li>Collaborative, adaptable, and cross-functional team player with integrity, curiosity, and strong interpersonal skills – with the ability to work independently or cross-functionally.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Working knowledge of AI tools and applications, including prompt design, data extraction, document analysis, and model training.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>A sense of humor!</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>