<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4>Location, Remote US</h4>
<h4>About the department</h4>
<p>The IT Business Systems Team at Cloudflare is a crucial pillar of the CIO Organization. It operates our enterprise systems end-to-end, ensuring seamless integration and process cohesiveness across all functional business areas. This team's efforts are vital to maintaining the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations, driving innovation, and supporting the company's overall strategic objectives. Through their expertise and dedication, they enable Cloudflare to deliver robust and scalable solutions that meet the evolving needs of our business and customers.</p>
<h4>What you'll do</h4>
<p>As a Senior Manager within the Enterprise Applications department in IT, you will be primarily responsible for driving the technical CRM strategy &amp; delivery for our Customer Support &amp; Customer Success business teams. You will oversee the deployment process and ensure alignment with identified business goals and metrics. Your role involves providing structure and leadership to business processes and technical solutions, overseeing project delivery, and ensuring internal stakeholder satisfaction.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Strategic Leadership:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Develop and drive the technical CRM Support and Success strategy to meet business goals and metrics.</li>
	<li>Oversee the deployment process, ensuring timely and successful implementation of CRM solutions.</li>
	<li>Provide leadership and structure to business processes and technical solutions, ensuring alignment with organizational objectives.</li>
	<li>Manage multiple competing priorities through effective organization and communication.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Project Management:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Lead cross-functional technical projects working with various teams including Growth, Support, Success, and other IT teams.</li>
	<li>Own the solution delivery of IT project roadmap and ensure the development team is organized to execute effectively in support of Customer Support &amp; Customer Success.</li>
	<li>Oversee the life cycle of changes to business systems and processes, and prepare detailed status reports for executive management.</li>
	<li>Work with internal business users to demonstrate system changes and ensure all relevant business needs are addressed.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Continuous Improvement:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Continually improve our use of Salesforce by automating processes, identifying areas for improvement, and enabling the support and success organizations for hyper-growth.</li>
	<li>Recommend and institute business analysis best practices, tools, and methodologies to drive standardization and efficiency.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Team Leadership:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Hire, develop, and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high-performing team.</li>
	<li>Provide structure and guidance to business processes and technical solutions.</li>
	<li>Ensure high levels of internal stakeholder satisfaction by effectively addressing needs and concerns.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Problem-Solving and Decision-Making:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Proactively identify and resolve problems, making challenging decisions as needed.</li>
	<li>Demonstrate strong problem-solving skills with the ability to make challenging decisions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Bachelor’s Degree or higher in a technology-related field or relevant experience in implementing business systems.</li>
	<li>Minimum 10+ years of leadership experience in CRM functional areas leading a technical delivery team.</li>
	<li>Minimum 5 years’ experience with Salesforce Service Cloud supporting 500+ users as their primary CRM, including optimizing user experience to reduce overall support/service process friction.</li>
	<li>Deep understanding of support, service/success systems and how they’re best integrated with Salesforce (e.g., Salesforce CRM, Gainsight, Impartner, Zoom Phone, etc.).</li>
	<li>Demonstrated ability to deliver on Salesforce project requirements and lead operations support, by working with development, integration, and admin teams.</li>
	<li>Experience implementing and managing large Salesforce projects such as Service Cloud implementation, integration, and scaling lead routing, and sales forecasting solutions.</li>
	<li>Experience in building strong working relationships with business partners, application users, project managers, internal IT teams, and external application consultants.</li>
	<li>Experience with sensitive data and creating systems that meet the security and compliance needs that come with the management/ownership of sensitive data.</li>
	<li>Highly organized, results-driven, with exceptional attention to detail and great end-to-end program management.</li>
	<li>Ability to understand and represent the needs of the end user in a software development environment.</li>
	<li>Experienced in implementing and sustaining best-of-breed SaaS application implementations in an enterprise environment.</li>
	<li>Strong consultative and advisory skills.</li>
	<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills.</li>
	<li>Experience in working with both internal and system integrator teams for development.</li>
	<li>Proficiency with Jira and Google Suite.</li>
	<li>Experience in supporting internal and external auditors with SOX ITGC, SOD.</li>
</ul>
<p>This position requires an experienced manager who can lead others, drive results, and ensure the successful delivery of technical solutions within the Enterprise Systems department. If you are a strategic thinker with a proven track record in CRM support and service/success strategies, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong></p>
<p>Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.</p>
<ul>
	<li>For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of $191<span data-sheets-root="1" data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:226000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">,000</span> - $233<span data-sheets-root="1" data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:226000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">,000</span></li>
	<li>For New York City, Washington, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of $214,<span data-sheets-root="1" data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:252000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">000</span> - $262<span data-sheets-root="1" data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:308000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14589,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">,000</span></li>
	<li>For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of $225,<span data-sheets-root="1" data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:266000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">000</span> - $275<span data-sheets-root="1" data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:325000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14589,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">,000</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Equity</strong></p>
<p>This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.&nbsp; Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!&nbsp; The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.</p>
<p><strong>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Medical/Rx Insurance</li>
	<li>Dental Insurance</li>
	<li>Vision Insurance</li>
	<li>Flexible Spending Accounts</li>
	<li>Commuter Spending Accounts</li>
	<li>Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits</li>
	<li>On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program</li>
	<li>Global Travel Medical Insurance</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Financial Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Short and Long Term Disability Insurance</li>
	<li>Life &amp; Accident Insurance</li>
	<li>401(k) Retirement Savings Plan</li>
	<li>Employee Stock Participation Plan</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Time Off</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave</li>
	<li>Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>