<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h3><strong>About the Team</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The BDR program has two goals—generate qualified pipeline and develop business development representatives’ careers. We care deeply about both goals.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We have worked purposefully over the last 2 years to increase the percentage of our new business revenue that comes from the outbound BDR team by partnering closely with our internal customers, Account Executives, to generate high quality meetings and pipeline. During that time we have also helped many BDRs grow into Account Executive and Customer Success roles. As we scale, BDRs are also starting to find homes in other roles across the Sales Engineering, Sales Operations, Marketing, and Partner teams.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">While accomplishing these two goals we strive to be a team that always “puts our Cloudflare hat on” and focuses on the best interests of the company.</span></p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re looking for someone who has extensive sales and management experience who can help to scale this team and at the same time preserve our collaborative culture. Over the next year our team will rapidly scale and that will bring with it new challenges including helping to develop a growing team of extraordinary managers.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead a 130+ BDR organization</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Execute on vision to make the BDR team a company-wide incubator for talent</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Recruit, interview, and hire excellent BDRs at scale</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Drive execution through rigorous metrics and forecast management</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Maintain and improve relationships with sales and marketing leadership partners</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with marketing, sales, and sales operations to ensure alignment on your team’s strategy and execution</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">6+ years leading a sales team of BDRs or Inside Sales Reps and 4+ years scaling a team of 50+ reps</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years working in a rapidly growing technology company</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Closing experience and track record of exceeding quota</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience building career development programs for high performing individual contributors</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with funnel management across multiple channels (inbound, upsell, outbound, marketing)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Salesforce and systems knowledge</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent project management skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelor’s degree required</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Self-motivated; entrepreneurial spirit</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Comfortable working in a fast paced dynamic environment</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong interpersonal communication skills (verbal &amp; written)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Aptitude to learn technical concepts/terms</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrate excellent communication skills</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>