<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the team&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The BI team builds and operates the cloud data analytics platform for Cloudflare. We are responsible for building a centralized cloud data analytics platform using open source technologies that will be used by our internal Business Partners and Machine Learning teams. Our goal is to democratize data, support Cloudflare’s critical business needs, provide reporting and analytics self-service tools to fuel existing and new business critical initiatives.</span></p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of this initiative, we are looking for a Data Engineer and help us build a scalable petabyte scale data lake and Cloud Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) using modern tech stack from the ground up using open source technologies. Success in this role comes from marrying a strong data engineering background with product and business acumen to deliver scalable data pipelines and analytics solutions that can enable advanced analytics via a self-service user interface.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you will do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner closely with internal stakeholders to gain a strong understanding of business and product data needs</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design, build and support scalable and reliable data solutions that can enable self-service reporting and advanced analytics using open source technologies</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop technical tools and programming that leverage machine learning and big-data techniques to cleanse, organize and transform data and to maintain and update data structures and integrity on an automated basis</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design application components and evolve architecture: API/Services, data access, integration, application components, etc.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Analyze and support platform requirements for Data Science team</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Implement automation tools and frameworks (CI/CD pipelines)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build tools to automate the monitoring or workload and take proactive measure to scale the platform or to fix the problem&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mentor junior data engineers</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desired skills, knowledge, and experience&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to work closely with business and product teams to ensure data solutions are aligned with business initiatives and are of high quality</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">2-5 years of development experience in Big Data space working with Petabytes of data and building large scale data solutions using any Cloud Platform, Apache Spark, Airflow, Scala, Python, etc</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with multiple POCs for different tools and platforms such as data lake solutions, data validation frameworks, etc</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with environment and deployment automation, IaaS, deployment pipeline specification and development</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with API design and development of RESTful web services or GraphQL</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Working experience in Kubernetes, Docker etc.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of and experience with backend frameworks like NodeJS or Golang</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering or related experience required</span></li>
</ul>
<p><br><br></p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>