<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>About the department</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Sales Enablement team delivers learning solutions that promote growth and collaboration of the Cloudflare sales and partner community. We provide a structured framework of sales enablement processes and tools to address the needs of our sales staff globally.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This roll will have two focuses. One will be for internal sellers to ensure they have the baseline technical knowledge required to discover opportunities with our prospects and customers. The other focus will be to provide the&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Role:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The EMEA Technical Enablement hire will play a crucial to the scaling and growth of the EMEA sales team and partner ecosystem. Part of the role will be focused on the internal sales team to ensure they have the baseline technical knowledge required to discover opportunities with our prospects and customers, this will include both new reps and existing reps. The other focus will be on our partner sellers and implementers to ensure they have the technical resource to both discovery opportunities and implement them once purchased.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Key team member in providing technical foundation training to the non technical roles within EMEA. This would be delivering live sessions in Bootcamp, OJT and re-enforcement workshops.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Working closely with the Enablement Lead to deliver and develop content as needed for the EMEA region for both internal sellers, specifically the AE/ BDR/ CSM to upskill their technology understanding.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Aid in developing enablement sessions and workshops that explains technical concepts to non-technical sellers, in a way that they can both understand and use to discover the technical requirements of prospects and customers&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Train on/ help create content on relating the technical products to the business value they are delivering through formal workshops and interactive sessions de-mystifying&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Required Education And Experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelor’s degree, Master’s degree or equivalent experience</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of relevant experience in technical sales enablement</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Must be highly organized and possess exceptional time management skills, with the ability to effectively juggle multiple projects and deadlines</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven experience delivering technical training to both a technical audience and non technical audience.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Desired Skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloud based platforms, cyber security experience strongly preferred</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent written and verbal communication skills including the ability to collaborate with various stakeholders</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Networking IP, Internet security, and Web optimization experience preferred.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with software development, coding, and scripting.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fluency in English (written and oral) is a must. Fluency in one or more additional languages is a plus.</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>