<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Location: Singapore</strong><br><br>Cloudflare, a global leader in internet security, performance, and reliability, is seeking a dynamic and experienced Marketing Campaign Specialist to join our Asia Pacific and Japan marketing team. This role is critical in optimizing our lead pipeline by designing, deploying and optimizing high-impact campaigns. You will be the engine behind our lead generation, specifically targeting key decision-makers within enterprise-level organizations. Your focus will be on converting top-of-funnel engagement into qualified leads, with a strategic emphasis on the dynamic markets of Asia Pacific, Japan, and China.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Drive lead generation and nurture: Support the sales pipeline by planning and executing targeted marketing campaigns, including email, social media, webinar, digital and more, and nurturing prospects through the sales funnel to generate Marketing Qualified Leads (MQLs).</li>
	<li>Coordinate the regional implementation of global marketing campaigns, serving as the central point of contact for campaign materials and ensuring effective activation across both online and offline activities.</li>
	<li>Manage the end-to-end coordination of creative development, messaging, and asset delivery, ensuring seamless execution across internal teams and external vendors to meet campaign deadlines.</li>
	<li>Maintain accurate records of campaign activities and budgets.</li>
	<li>Monitor and analyze campaign performance, generate detailed reports on key metrics, and optimize campaigns based on actionable insights to maximize ROI.</li>
	<li>Manage social media content calendars and schedule posts.</li>
	<li>Assist in the creation and scheduling of engaging newsletter content, including email templates and promotional materials.</li>
	<li>Maintain efficient marketing processes through proactive support and coordination.</li>
	<li>Communicate to stakeholders and leaders regionally and globally the results and effectiveness of all campaigns and measures taken to improve performance.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Required Skills &amp; Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Experience: 5+ years of experience in marketing campaign management, with a focus on integrated campaigns, preferably within the enterprise technology or cybersecurity industry.</li>
	<li>Education: Bachelor's degree in Marketing, Business, or a related field.</li>
	<li>Proven Results: Demonstrated track record of driving measurable results and achieving business objectives through integrated marketing campaigns</li>
	<li>Technical Proficiency: Strong working knowledge of CRM and marketing automation platforms.</li>
	<li>Communication Mastery: Exceptional verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to engage, persuade, and present effectively to senior-level audiences.</li>
	<li>Project Leadership: Strong organizational and project management skills, with a proven ability to manage multiple complex projects simultaneously.</li>
	<li>Team Collaboration: Ability to work effectively in a cross-functional team, building strong relationships with stakeholders across different regions and functions.</li>
	<li>Audience Insight: A deep understanding of the cybersecurity market and the challenges faced by decision-makers in enterprise companies across the APJC region.</li>
	<li>Language Skills: Fluency in English is required. Additional language skills relevant to the APJC region are highly desirable.</li>
	<li>Analytical and Creative Thinking: Ability to think analytically and creatively to develop and execute effective marketing campaigns</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Reporting:</strong> This position reports into the Senior Marketing Manager, Demand Center, APAC and Japan Marketing</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>