<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: </strong>Amsterdam or Remote Netherlands; Lisbon or Remote Portugal; London or Remote UK; Munich or Remote Germany</p>
<p><strong>About the Department</strong></p>
<p>Production Engineering is responsible for the world’s most reliable, observable, performant, and safe network ecosystem. Our customers rely on our products and systems to safely modify, troubleshoot, and release products without external impact.<br>Our external customers rely on us to provide seamless and predictable incident, traffic, policy management, resulting in the fastest and safest network services in the world.<br>We are accountable for the overall performance of internal and external facing services, guiding our product teams to optimal configurations and maximum efficiency. From the moment that a packet enters the Cloudflare ecosystem, we know exactly what its expected purpose and behavior is and we are capable of determining and exposing anomalous behavior.<br>The Cloudflare network makes it possible to solve challenges at massive scale and efficiency which would be impossible for almost any other organization.</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for an Engineering Manager to join Cloudflare, specifically our Observability team, in charge of our internal Metrics and Alerting platform. You will lead a team of passionate, talented engineers that are building one of the largest metrics pipelines in the world processing over 2 billion time series across hundreds of different locations. You will play an active role in shaping our strategy and working with our customers to build the best developer experience. You will change the way people build applications.<br>You bring a passion for meeting business needs by building technical, innovative solutions. You excel to understand how big-picture goals inform technical details. You thrive in a fast-paced iterative engineering environment and have experience in delivering scalable distributed systems. Most importantly, you have a track record of having past teams respect you as both a technical leader and manager.</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<p>Experience leading a team and working across multiple teams to deliver results<br>Comfortable managing backend focused teams<br>Solid foundation in computer science and software engineering with strong competencies in software design, and building distributed systems<br>Excel at planning, creating teams and overseeing execution to meet commitments and deliver with predictability<br>Demonstrate a track record of managing a team including hiring, on-boarding, and professional development. You inspire your team to reach higher. You’re as good as explaining “why” as you are “how”<br>Experience implementing tools, process, internal instrumentation, methodologies and resolving blockages<br>Comfortable managing teams/projects with tight deadlines and short release cycles<br>Operating knowledge of Prometheus, Thanos, Alertmanager and related infrastructure</p>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<p>Understanding of server hardware, performance expectations and limitations, and failure domains<br>Deep Linux/UNIX systems knowledge<br>Managing contributions to large open-source projects</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>