<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About Us</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About The Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Every day, Cloudflare’s network answers trillions of DNS queries, tracks the issuance of millions SSL/TLS certificates in our CT log, inspect millions of emails for threats, routes multiple petabytes of traffic to our customers’ networks, and proxies trillions of HTTP requests destined for our customers’ applications. Each one of these queries and packets provides a unique data point that can be analyzed at scale and anonymized into actionable threat data.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Historically, we have used this intelligence to improve our products and machine learning models, but have only provided minimal entry points for our customers and their threat hunting teams to query this data. With the announcement of Cloud</span><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">force</span></em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> One, that has changed: customers can now investigate threats in a privacy preserving manner, easily deploy security tools at our edge, and make requests of our security experts (RFIs).</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Product Manager for Threat Intelligence will work closely with the Intel Engineering and Cloudforce One teams to use data to solve the challenges our customers face in today’s threat landscape: malware, phishing, application threats, network threats, and brand protection. You will also work closely with other Security teams at Cloudflare to help improve the efficacy of their products by providing a shared, API-driven intelligence platform.</span></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own the product vision for your area. Ensure that it aligns with the overall product and company vision.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Represent the customer. Be the champion and voice of customers. Build intimate, personal customer relationships. Bring the customer's voice into the creation process.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage the roadmap. Make tough tactical prioritization decisions while helping the company think long-term. Build trust with stakeholders by maintaining an understandable, accurate roadmap.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Author use cases and prioritize requirements. Translate market observations and customer feedback into a prioritized product backlog. Author use cases based on specific real-world product applications and extrapolate detailed product requirements for the scenarios.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate across teams. We win or lose as a team. Product managers play a critical role in creating alignment between engineering teams and other stakeholders. A collaborative attitude is essential to the job.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Measure success. Own the measures used to define success for your product. Success measures must be defined at the inception of a product and tracked throughout its lifecycle. Make measures visible to all stakeholders and interpret them into actionable conclusions and new hypotheses.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop new opportunities. With your finger on the pulse of the market, the customers and the engineering teams, you are uniquely positioned to bring new products to market that solve real customer problems.&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples Of Desirable Skills, Knowledge And Experience</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The ideal candidate is entrepreneurial-minded and thrives in a fast-paced and goal-driven environment. You have outstanding communication and collaboration skills and are able to work with a diverse group, get alignment, and drive the product forward. You are execution focused and emphasize getting things done while paying attention to important details.&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">BS/MS in a technology field</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Professional experience leading a business critical product</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven track record of developing a product strategy, designed with experiments to prove what’s working and what’s not</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to articulate a vision and strategy in a way that inspires and motivates a team and focuses their energy on our mission</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Customer focus — you’ll be working directly, and often be a part of the customers team in helping them get their initial implementation off the ground</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong technical curiosity – you are familiar with modern software development practices used to build and deploy applications. You are capable of wading into the details &amp; understanding engineering decisions’ impact on the product, but can also drive 30k foot view.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong user and stakeholder empathy –&nbsp; you must be not only the voice of the user, but at various times the voice of product marketing, finance, engineering, support and ops. You must be able to channel many points of view.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>