<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p>This position is open to candidates based in either Austin, TX, Atlanta, GA or Washington DC locations</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>In this specialized role, you'll focus on service delivery success for partnerships with key GSI partners in the Americas. There is nothing more important to us than our customers' success, which is why we aim to provide them with a white-glove experience in implementing and deploying our solutions. Our service delivery partners—consultancy partners, regional system integrators, global system integrators, and managed service providers—are a crucial part of this success. Our team's role is to collaborate with the best partners worldwide, who are experts in delivering, implementing, migrating, and managing our solutions. Partner Service Delivery Managers play a key role in onboarding service partners, ensuring they are successful and receive necessary support, as well as hand holding them through launching new service offerings in the market.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Strategic Alignment: Collaborate with service delivery partners to develop and execute joint business/technical plans that align with Cloudflare's strategic objectives.</li>
	<li>Onboarding and Enablement: Lead the onboarding process for new service partners and provide continual support to ensure their proficiency with Cloudflare solutions.</li>
	<li>Executive Engagement: Regularly engage in strategic and roadmap planning discussions with key stakeholders at partners..</li>
	<li>Cross-Functional Collaboration: Consistently engage with internal departments such as partner enablement, product team, field sales, partner solutions engineers, Cloudflare professional services team, and others to ensure both partner and customer success..</li>
	<li>Performance Metrics: Develop, manage, and track key performance indicators to measure and improve the effectiveness of partnerships.</li>
	<li>Global Oversight: Provide governance and oversight on global projects, ensuring that deliverables are met on time and within scope.</li>
	<li>Technical Engagement: While not expected to be hands-on for post-sales, engage daily with partner technical teams, including technical delivery teams. Possess enough technical understanding and experience to lead those conversations effectively.</li>
	<li>Service Delivery Ecosystem Ownership: Own the service delivery partner ecosystem in the region, including building partner capabilities in alignment with regional leaders.</li>
	<li>Quality Assurance: Monitor and ensure the quality of service delivery by partners, addressing any issues and facilitating improvements as needed.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Consulting Background: Significant experience in a consulting environment, ideally within a GSI, is required.</li>
	<li>Enterprise IT Expertise: Must possess a deep understanding of enterprise IT architectures and how they integrate with broader business processes.</li>
	<li>Project Management: A proven track record of managing complex projects with multiple stakeholders is essential.</li>
	<li>Regulatory Awareness: Must have an understanding of global compliance and data protection regulations.</li>
	<li>Technical Knowledge: Familiarity with multi-cloud and hybrid cloud environments.</li>
	<li>Experience with Service Delivery Partners: Demonstrated experience working with consultancy partners, regional system integrators, global system integrators, and/or managed service providers.</li>
	<li>Customer Success Focus: Strong focus on customer success, ensuring service delivery partners can provide high-quality implementations and support to customers.</li>
	<li>Stakeholder Engagement: Ability to engage effectively with C-suite executives and technical teams at partner organizations.</li>
	<li>Analytical Skills: Strong analytical skills to develop, manage, and track key performance indicators.</li>
	<li>Communication Skills: Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to lead strategic discussions and presentations.</li>
	<li>Ownership and Accountability: Strong sense of ownership and accountability for the service delivery partner ecosystem in the region.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>