<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring the privacy of personal information is core to Cloudflare’s mission to help build a better Internet, and we’re looking for a privacy program manager to help Cloudflare navigate the complicated challenges of processing personal data amid an ever-changing regulatory landscape. Our legal team helps the company deal with complex matters by anticipating complications and distractions, and guiding the company around those obstacles. Our new privacy program manager team member will help foster our unique corporate philosophy and approach, in which the security and privacy of our customers’ data are paramount. We are looking for an exceptionally talented, energetic and friendly program manager to join our legal team in Lisbon, Portugal. This is a junior-level role ideal for someone who is a proactive self-starter with exceptional organizational abilities and who has experience working cross functionally with a variety of business teams and roles.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of the job, you will:&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Oversee </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">keeping accurate, privacy law-compliant documentation, including</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> supporting privacy counsel and product teams in ongoing documentation of records of processing activity and data protection impact assessments as systems, products and services evolve and new ones are introduced.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work cross functionally with other teams across the company to inventory data and document and assess risk of data processing activities.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Help manage project ticketing systems (e.g., Jira) to triage work among privacy team members.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop sales enablement materials, including responses to FAQs from customers and sales team members.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Create privacy project plans, gather requirements, and define milestones. Manage status and reporting to provide project clarity to team members and leadership</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist the Data Protection Officer and partner with internal teams in developing and maintaining Cloudflare’s data governance program, including maintaining existing privacy program policies and updating or drafting new policies as needed.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelor’s degree and 3+ years of program or project management experience, preferably including professional experience in technology privacy and data protection.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong interpersonal skills and experience in working cross-functionally with a variety of teams, including engineering teams, sales teams, and product teams.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exceptional verbal and written communication, organization, and project management skills, including a strong desire and ability to make complex topics understandable for various audiences.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Self-starter with the ability to learn in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Professional experience managing&nbsp; small to medium programs from start to finish.</span></li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with GDPR, CCPA/CPRA and other privacy laws and regulations.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">CIPP/US/E/CIPM or CIPT or other privacy or risk and compliance related certifications a plus (i.e. CISA or CISSP).</span></li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Technical expertise and an understanding of the way that the Internet, and companies like Cloudflare, operate is a plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with OneTrust is a plus.</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>