<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Austin, Mexico City</strong></p>
<h4><strong>Summary</strong></h4>
<p>The Zero Trust team is looking for a<strong> Systems Test Engineer</strong> to test and exercise our Zero Trust products similar to our customers’ devices and infrastructure. You will start from the customer’s perspective using <strong>Cloudflare WARP</strong> and<strong> Cloudflare Tunnel</strong>, which are network and security-focused applications that enable secure communications between our customers’ devices and their private infrastructure. You will expand test coverage to additional Zero Trust products and services to close test gaps and increase coverage for full product validation</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<p>As a Systems Test Engineer, you will own a variety of technical and product-focused responsibilities to ensure we deliver a high-quality security product.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Collaborate closely with</strong> fellow Test Engineers to understand all features and define and execute in-depth product test strategies for new and existing features</li>
	<li>Regularly assist development teams to <strong>quickly</strong> <strong>reproduce customer issues</strong>, test fixes and update tests to close coverage gaps&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
	<li><strong>Discover edge cases across Zero Trust products</strong> and partner with development and PM teams to find and validate solutions</li>
	<li>Regularly set up,<strong> configure, test, debug, and troubleshoot network-related features</strong></li>
	<li><strong>Create, maintain, and execute</strong> a suite of manual tests&nbsp;</li>
	<li><strong>Author scripts and leverage the automation framework</strong> to efficiently exercise functionality, reduce manual test execution and get quicker feedback on code changes</li>
	<li><strong>Maintain a collection of physical test devices and virtual test environments</strong>, efficiently set them up and configure them as needed to test various scenarios, and report quality status to all stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></p>
<p>We expect you to have hands-on experience with <strong>mobile and desktop device networking configurations across Windows, Linux, and macOS platforms</strong> and understand how data is routed to public and private cloud environments. Your passion and curiosity for understanding how our services work will be crucial in debugging issues at all levels. Additionally, you should be adept at distilling complex scenarios into actionable bug reports and working towards resolution with development, product, and QA team members. You are comfortable raising issues and can clearly articulate details in tests and bug reports, test environment documentation and team-wide updates.</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Extremely <strong>curious to understand</strong> how a feature works, what edge cases may cause a poor customer experience and how to go beyond surface-level testing</li>
	<li>Empathetic, proactive, and constructive <strong>communication skills</strong>, verbal and written</li>
	<li>Experience with manual <strong>E2E testing of network-based apps</strong>, especially VPNs (e.g. DNS, protocols, throttling, packet loss, etc.)</li>
	<li>Strong knowledge of L3 to L7 networking technologies such as <strong>IP, TCP, UDP, DNS, QUIC, H/3, proxying, routing, switching </strong>(Major networking certifications are a plus)</li>
	<li>Strong knowledge and understanding of <strong>macOS, Windows, Linux, and mobile client (iOS,</strong> <strong>Android)</strong> platforms and their internals.</li>
	<li>Strong <strong>attention to detail</strong> for building test plans and <strong>analytical mindset</strong> when debugging issues</li>
	<li>Proficiency with running <strong>traffic captures, gathering logs</strong>,<strong> </strong>and preparing test data for reporting</li>
	<li>Experience setting up and maintaining physical and virtual <strong>device labs</strong></li>
	<li>Experience using one or more <strong>Mobile Device Management platforms</strong> (MDMs)</li>
	<li>Experience with Python to understand automated tests and framework capabilities and develop scripts to effectively and efficiently assist in testing</li>
	<li>Experience with how devices manage switching networks (e.g. wired-to-wireless, cellular-to-wireless) and maintain connectivity</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>