<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations - Remote Mexico and Mexico City, MX</strong></p>
<p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers trillions of requests per month. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare have all web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Technology Pioneer and named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list.</p>
<p>We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is looking for a Sr. Creative Project Manager to join the Corporate Marketing team and support the Creative Studio. We believe in working hard, creating high quality creative work. We work on a wide range of interesting and impactful projects including: brand advertising campaigns (digital and out of home), videos and motion graphics, event + trade show creative, global office creative, interactive design, swag and more.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What we’re looking for&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking a Sr. Creative Project Manager to be a key player in our Corporate Marketing team responsible for the oversight and project management of all projects from the creative studio, supporting the growth of our global brand. Our ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of the creative process and how to optimize and improve it.&nbsp; In this role you will serve as the lead liaison between the corporate marketing team, our internal stakeholders and external vendors to establish expectations and optimize project timelines, workloads, and project objectives to ensure on time delivery of quality work. You will manage and mentor other project managers on the team, and take the lead in all the highest touch campaigns.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
	<li>Monitor and manage workloads of the design team in Jira, and ensure projects meet deadlines and brand standards.</li>
	<li>Own the intake, kickoff, monitoring, and communication of high priority projects and help implement processes to streamline delivery of lower priority projects.</li>
	<li>Establish timelines and workback schedules for large marketing campaigns.</li>
	<li>Apply critical thinking to our current processes, suggest and implement improvements.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Manage the process, timeline and delivery of creative projects by external vendors and agencies.</li>
	<li>Build strategic cross functional relationships across the business and serve as a partner to internal stakeholders and executive leadership.</li>
	<li>Communicate with stakeholders about Cloudflare's brand standards, processes, and SLA’s through a culture of open collaboration, accessibility, and knowledge sharing.</li>
</ul>
<p>You have</p>
<ul>
	<li>Minimum 10 years experience in project management for an agency or in-house design team, with detailed understanding of the creative process and the level of creative effort needed to execute projects ranging from collateral, digital, video, social and event marketing</li>
	<li>Brand experience in a B2B technology environment</li>
	<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills to provide clear direction and updates and present ideas and recommendations</li>
	<li>Fluent English writing and speaking skills</li>
	<li>Creative problem-solving to identify potential roadblocks, proactively resolve issues, and maintain project momentum.</li>
	<li>Strong organizational skills ensuring that project scopes, objectives, and timelines are well-defined and adhered to.</li>
	<li>Use the tools of the trade to share feedback, and ensure work is on track (e.g. Figma, Google Suite, Monday.com, Jira, Zoom.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>To the attention of candidates (Mexico City):&nbsp;</strong><br><strong>Candidates MUST have right-to-work in Mexico.&nbsp;&nbsp;Visa sponsorship is NOT provided for this position.</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>