<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Austin Texas</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the department</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare’s IT/Enterprise Engineering, Planning and Governance Team is a crucial pillar of the CIO Organization. It manages programs and initiatives across IT Infrastructure, Enterprise Systems, and Enterprise Engineering, enabling Cloudflare internal teams to operate at their most efficient level. The team establishes end-to-end governance principles and frameworks, leads business partnering, and drives program planning, execution, and demand capacity management.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a highly skilled and self-motivated Senior Technical Program Manager, IT/Enterprise Engineering with excellent communication skills who thrives on solving challenges to join our team. Your main role will be ensuring a successful rollout of our transformational ERP program. You will partner across our finance, infrastructure, engineering, IT and security teams to remove blockers, ensure timelines are achieved and transformational business functionality is delivered.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You bring a passion for matching up business needs with building technically innovative solutions, and excel at shifting between the two—understanding how big-picture goals inform technical details, and vice-versa. You are able to implement and drive processes and persistently make progress.&nbsp; The ideal candidate is flexible and comfortable in playing multiple roles (diplomat, moderator, negotiator, reporter, coach, etc.), leading initiatives, and is able to adapt to changing situations. Combined with technical expertise, you have the ability to build trust and strong partnership with counterparts in Engineering, Development, Operations, and Business teams.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Program Management of all aspects of the IT components of Release 2 and Release 3 milestones for Cloudflare's ERP program.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Regular executive level communication on program milestones, risks, resource needs &amp; contractor delivery performance.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Build bridges across Cloudflare to ensure programs/ projects are effectively planned, developed, integrated and deployed with quality and on time delivery into our production systems.</li>
	<li>Be&nbsp; the glue that binds a highly cohesive cross functional core team in the planning and execution of tasks required to ensure success of the multitude of projects comprising&nbsp; a program.</li>
	<li>Gather business requirements and assist with translating requirements into future state design options, while deftly incorporating sound architecture and design principles into the final solution.<br><br></li>
	<li>Build clear and transparent communication channels to align business stakeholders, IT, and third-party vendors to ensure relevant audiences receive appropriate updates on programs and projects.</li>
	<li>Work with stakeholders in controlling program scope and executing to committed schedules, as well as maintaining and reporting out program deliverables across&nbsp; multiple teams and business units.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>Establish and maintain relationships with vendors, ensuring adherence to best practices and accountability throughout the program lifecycle.</li>
	<li>Maintain clear line-of-site on the critical path timeline; managing risks, and facilitating resolution of blockers to ensure project success.</li>
	<li>Collaborate with Business PMs on internal processes, tools and workflows across multiple teams and functions across Cloudflare, in support of IT governance and project management methodologies, processes and procedures.</li>
	<li>Apply learnings back to constantly improve process and velocity of the Cloudflare IT organization, enabling improved delivery for our global business partners. <br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Prior experience with a global ERP rollout, beginning from global design and moving into engineering and final implementation.</li>
	<li>Experience working cross functionally with finance, security, compliance and engineering teams to deliver ERP solutions.</li>
	<li>Experience with Oracle Fusion, including technical knowledge of various modules, integration with boundary systems and usability considerations.</li>
	<li>10+ years experience in program and project management.</li>
	<li>A strong engineering or development background to facilitate architecture and integration discussions.</li>
	<li>Track record of delivering technical programs through the full end to end program management lifecycle, from conception to usability study.</li>
	<li>Have a balance of people, organizational, and technical skills to deliver and guide decision making without authority.</li>
	<li>Work independently in a dynamic and high-pressure environment with timely delivery despite ambiguous and changing business requirements.</li>
	<li>Strong competency with project management tools (Confluence, JIRA, Smartsheets, etc.) and various methodologies (Waterfall, Scrum, etc).&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Proven ability to clearly and concisely communicate with an executive audience in both written and verbal communications in English (writing sample will be requested).</li>
	<li>Thrive in a fast-paced hyper-growth engineering environment, with the ability to learn new technologies quickly, and extremely comfortable&nbsp; with ambiguity.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>