<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations:</strong> Remote - US</p>
<h2><span style="font-size: 12pt;">About Product Management at Cloudflare</span></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">As a Product Manager at Cloudflare, you are responsible for helping build products that improve the way that the Internet works. Product Managers at Cloudflare sit at the intersection of software development, design, and business strategy. We shape high-level product goals but also get our hands dirty. On an average day, you might pitch a concept to senior leadership, collaborate with marketing, work with designers to conduct user research, prototype a new feature, iterate on a spec, analyze usage data, and pair with an engineer on implementation. We have ultimate responsibility for understanding our customer needs, influencing business strategy, feature specification, and working with engineering to develop our software.</span></p>
<h2><span style="font-size: 12pt;">About the role</span></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">As the Product Manager for Analytics, your primary goal is to support and grow the Analytics Platform at Cloudflare, which allows Cloudflare to expose powerful Analytics products to customers. You’ll work closely with a strong team of Engineers on data problems at unparalleled scale.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">&nbsp;Among other things you’ll be responsible for:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">The scalability of our data infrastructure, ensuring that our data systems scale reliably with the growth of our data volume.</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">The quality of the data that flows through our systems, ensuring good governance and hygiene across all systems.</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Ensuring that internal teams can easily integrate with our various data sources to power a variety of Analytics experiences for our customers in the Cloudflare Dashboard and beyond.</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Have strong, data-informed opinions about <em>how</em> internal teams can best use our data infrastructure to power customer-facing Analytics products.</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Support all the data that our customers use to set up Alerts &amp; Notifications for various events that happen with their applications / web sites.</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">While your main goal is to serve Cloudflare’s end users, you’ll also work with other product teams at Cloudflare to onboard new datasets and make sure these products have strong adoption internally.</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Key Responsibilities</span></h2>
<ul>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Ownership of the data pipelines that power Cloudflare Analytics: You will be responsible for the end-to-end management of these tools, from conceptualization to deployment, and ongoing enhancement.</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Customer Engagement: Engage directly with customers to deeply understand their needs. You will be the voice of the customer within Cloudflare, ensuring that our logs products are continuously evolving to meet their requirements.</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Product Strategy and Vision: Define and drive the strategic direction for Cloudflare's analytics products, aligning with broader company objectives and customer needs.</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Cross-Functional Leadership: Collaborate with engineering, design, marketing, sales, and support teams to deliver an integrated product experience.</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Data-Driven Decision Making: Utilize data analytics to inform product decisions and measure the impact of new features and improvements.</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Market Analysis: Keep abreast of industry trends and competitor activities to ensure Cloudflare remains a leader in cloud connectivity and security.</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Bonus Points</span></h2>
<ul>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Understanding the modern UX stack with enough fidelity to hold your own with engineers will be highly beneficial. An engineering background would be helpful. An alternate source of credibility on this front might come from having developed a web property yourself.</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Data-fluency - there is no team of analysts at Cloudflare. Can you work directly with data yourself to build confidence in your views and can you use that same data to persuade others?&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">At Cloudflare it’s pretty helpful to understand how the Internet really works at layers 2 through 7. If you don’t have this, be prepared to speak with mastery about another realm of similar complexity.&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>