<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About Us</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today, Cloudflare runs one of the world’s largest distributed networks that powers more than 39 million requests per second. We connect, protect and accelerate web applications, websites, APIs, corporate networks and employees globally.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We have millions of customers ranging from Fortune 500 companies and nonprofits to small businesses and budding entrepreneurs. We are working to create a faster, more secure, more reliable and more private experience for anyone online. Given the scale at which we operate, this is a big task. Our team is hard at work shaping the future of the Internet by solving some of its toughest challenges. Come join us!</span></p>
<p><strong>About The Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Do you have a passion for creating high impact communication through motion graphics and animation? Does your portfolio demonstrate a range of storytelling, 2D/2.5 D animation, motion design, compositing, and maybe even video editing?&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is looking for an animator/motion designer for Cloudflare’s Brand Design team.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’ll be creating a wide range of interesting and highly visible videos and motion graphic projects for brand advertising campaigns, event and trade shows, employee-facing branding, corporate website, digital campaigns and more.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our ideal candidate will have knowledge and practical experience working within brand guidelines and creative briefs. We’re looking for a highly capable animator and editor that can work well independently and as a collaborative team member.</span></p>
<p><strong>You will&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design high-quality motion graphics, transitions, bumpers, lower thirds, etc. for marketing experiences, including 2-3 minute explainer animations</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Create and animate designs/illustrations(either custom or from existing assets), starting with storyboards and then through production; primarily 2 and 2.5D motion graphics; kinetic text animation, animatics, motion graphics templates, etc.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Execute VFX, including, but not limited to, green screen compositing, rotoscoping, alpha mattes, and motion tracking</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contribute to team best practices for establishing and creating motion graphics along with setting up scalable project templates</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Analyze timelines, set accurate estimates for delivery expectations and effectively inform applicable stakeholders via status updates</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Brainstorm and prototype ideas quickly and produce strong conceptual animations that are engaging and unique</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Execute edit notes from business stakeholders without supervision utilizing independent judgment and ability to effectively prioritize</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deliver high-quality, scalable, on-brand motion solutions&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with the brand design team to expand upon the brand system and style guide through the use of motion and potentially sound</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Create and maintain motion graphics-specific templates, instructions, documentation, and best practices/scalable project templates;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience creating pre-production materials including storyboards and animatic cuts</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fluency (5+ years) in After Effects and Illustrator—with 2D animation capabilities, including character animation.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to create storyboards, animatics and illustrations to share with design leaders and key stakeholders</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Video post-production experience including editing, audio sweetening and sound effects</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with sourcing b-roll and stock footage from stock houses, customers, etc.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understanding of video codecs and render settings and ability to export video in whatever format, bit rate, etc. is required for the job at hand&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep understanding of fundamental motion design principles (keyframing, easing, masking, blocking, typography, iconography, composition, color, composition, etc.) and how they affect the user experience</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to collaborate cross functionally with product, strategy, and marketing stakeholders</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to concurrently fulfill multiple projects requests while simultaneously meeting tight deadlines</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to think in design systems, with attention to detail and an understanding of a variety of aesthetics</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound critical thinking &amp; problem-solving approaches, comes to the table with solutions&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to have&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Intermediate 3D modeling, texturing, lighting, and animation skills (Cinema 4D or 3DS MAX)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with live video shooting, including camera operation, sound capture, lighting and cinematography</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>