<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>About the department</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The web team builds awareness by sharing how Cloudflare can make a positive impact for customers and prospects. This spans across all channels of customer communication: our website, docs, blog, emails, social media, events, ads, etc. We build the technology that allows internal customers to craft beautiful experiences and tell compelling stories about Cloudflare.</span></p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is the market leader in performance, security and reliability.&nbsp; We use our customer-facing properties both as a showcase for what is possible as well as a test bed for our latest technologies.&nbsp; You will push the boundaries of web performance, dabble in new methods for measuring audience while respecting privacy of the user and optimize the efficiency of site updates and design.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a Full Stack engineer on the Web team, you will be responsible for building and maintaining the systems that comprise our marketing website, developer docs, blog, marketing automation, and more. You will build Cloudflare Workers deployed on our edge network and Node.js and Golang services to Kubernetes. You’ll bring industry best practices for standing up and maintaining backend services plus a solid understanding of modern frontend development.</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build tools, frameworks and libraries to help build a better cloudflare.com</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Optimize our TypeScript/Gatsby build system</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build Workers in TypeScript.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build services and tooling in TypeScript and Golang.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Review work from your peers throughout all stages of the development lifecycle.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Plan and lead engineering work on large projects.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mentor team members to help bring out their best work.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">More than 5 years of experience building and managing high volume software applications.&nbsp; Golang and Typescript are a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience building, deploying and operating services.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You enjoy getting things done and have a bias for action: you're a builder and a creator and are </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">able to complete a large project from start to finish, from technical specifications to code</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience managing or contributing to build systems for large JavaScript projects</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contributions to open-source JavaScript tools and frameworks.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong interpersonal and communication skills. You will get to work with multiple teams with backgrounds from engineering to marketing. Curiosity and empathy are coveted traits here!</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep understanding of the web and technologies such as web browsers, HTTP, JavaScript, and the DOM.</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>