<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Austin Texas - US, London - UK&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare’s mission is to help build a better internet and the Cloudforce One Platform Abuse Response (PLAB) team lives at the core of that effort. The team empowers customers with products and services to combat abuse, enables deeper coordination with our external industry anti-abuse partners, and ensures that teams in the company can respond to the quickly changing threat landscape of the internet with scalable tools and services. This includes services that have a direct impact on efforts to stop abuse at cloudflare ranging from phishing, cryptodrainers, and other breaches of Cloudflare’s Terms of Services</p>
<p>At a high level, the Cloudforce One Platform Abuse Response team is part of the Cloudforce One team with a mission to identify, track, mitigate, and deter abuse on the Cloudflare platform. The team works in tandem with other Cloudforce One and Trust &amp; Safety teams to accomplish its mission in addition to the Cloudflare developers of the services that may be abused.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>This role is for the Engineering Manager of the Platform Abuse Response team within Cloudforce One’s Engineering team. There will initially be at least 5 engineers on the Platform Abuse Remediation team and you will also have the opportunity to lead hiring efforts to continue building out this team. Your team will be responsible for services to enable Cloudflare’s abuse report pipeline, including the processing of reports, communications with submitters and customers, and remediations on abusive Cloudflare entities</p>
<p>This role will be based out of our Austin, Texas office.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<p>Not only will you be responsible for ensuring the engineering standards and compliance of the services owned by your team, but you will also be responsible for the professional development of your direct reports as well as collaboration with key stakeholders in the Trust and Safety teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You thrive in a fast-paced iterative engineering environment, have experience in delivering scalable distributed systems and have a track record of having past teams respect you as a technical leader.</p>
<p><strong>Desirable skills and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Prior experience working with abuse requirements in a regulated environment or compliance domain</li>
	<li>8+ years of Software Development&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Demonstrable experience leading a geographically distributed team</li>
	<li>Empathetic, proactive, and constructive communication skills, verbal and written</li>
	<li>Excellent operational principles (observability, alerting, tracing, incident management, SLIs &amp; SLOs, capacity planning, etc.)</li>
	<li>Excel at planning, and overseeing execution to meet commitments and deliver with predictability</li>
	<li>Mentoring and coaching team members to develop their skills and support career building</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>