<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h2><strong>What do Support Operations do?</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Support Operations Group is a high-impact, self-contained engineering team. We are responsible for building intelligent automation systems that allow our customers to get maximum value out of the Cloudflare product, whilst providing tooling that enhances business efficiency for our internal customer facing teams.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We work in an Extreme Programming environment with a heavy focus on short iterations, a sustainable pace and self-testing code. We are a small team meaning you will have the opportunity to make a substantial impact from day one.</span></p>
<h2><strong>What will you work on?</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In this team you'll have the opportunity to work on a wide range of diverse greenfield projects; like building backend systems to provide proactive recommendations for our customers, creating automated debugging tools for our customer support team and building data analytics tooling that allows our business teams to understand our customer base better. In this role, you'll be able to learn, research and implement state-of-the-art technologies in fields like Search Based Software Engineering and Operational Research. Given the diverse nature of the Cloudflare product and the wide technical focus of the team, you will have an opportunity to build upon multiple different technologies.</span></p>
<p><strong>You will:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excel at planning, creating diverse, global teams and overseeing execution to meet commitments and deliver with predictability</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrate a track record of managing a team including hiring, on-boarding, and professional development. You inspire your team to reach higher. You’re as good at explaining “why” as you are “how”</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Have experience implementing tools, process, internal instrumentation, methodologies and resolving blockages</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Have Agile and extreme software development experience&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be comfortable managing teams/projects with tight deadlines and short release cycles</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Create and maintain technical and process documentation</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage multiple projects and workstreams, multiple bodies of work</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Requirements</strong></h2>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics or an engineering/quantitative discipline</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">3-7 years experience managing engineering teams</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience building tools, automations and managing operations for Support teams</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of at least one object-oriented or functional programming language, especially Python, Go or Haskell</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An understanding of the importance of self-testing software</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Curiosity and a passion for learning</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">It is advantageous, but not required, to have exposure to CI build systems, Docker or development in UNIX environments</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>