<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4 id="DataScientist-AbouttheTeam"><strong>Available Locations: London, UK</strong></h4>
<h4><strong>About the Team</strong></h4>
<p>Cloudforce One is Cloudflare’s threat operations and research team, responsible for identifying and disrupting cyber threats ranging from sophisticated cyber criminal activity to nation-state sponsored advanced persistent threats (APTs).&nbsp; Cloudforce One works in close partnership with external organizations and internal Cloudflare teams, continuously developing operational tradecraft and expanding ever-growing sources of threat intelligence to enable expedited threat hunting and remediation.&nbsp; Members of Cloudforce One are at the helm of leveraging an incredibly vast and varied set of data points that only one of the world’s largest global networks can provide.&nbsp; The team is able to analyze these unique data points, at massive scale and efficiency, synthesizing findings into actionable threat intelligence to better protect our customers.&nbsp;The team's core disciplines are data engineering, data science, devops, and security. We use data science and machine learning to process large volumes of data and build threat intelligence for Cloudflare's customers</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p data-sourcepos="13:1-13:838">We're seeking a<strong>&nbsp;</strong>Data Scientist to join our team and drive the analytical rigor behind our cyber threat intelligence efforts. In this highly impactful, hands-on role, you will be instrumental in<strong>&nbsp;</strong>researching, developing, and applying advanced analytical techniques and statistical models to massive datasets from our global network. Your work will uncover patterns, identify anomalies, and build predictive insights to detect and neutralize sophisticated cyber threats. You'll directly enhance our Cloudforce One offering by transforming raw data into critical, real-time threat intelligence, providing unparalleled protection and actionable insights to our customers. If you are passionate about applying sophisticated data science to solve complex cybersecurity challenges at an unprecedented scale, we want you on our team.</p>
<p data-sourcepos="15:1-15:154">The ideal candidate will possess a strong foundational knowledge of data science principles and statistical modeling. Day-to-day responsibilities include:</p>
<ul data-sourcepos="17:1-23:0">
	<li data-sourcepos="17:1-17:163">Collaborate with other Data Scientists and Machine Learning Engineers to design and implement analytical approaches that inform scalable threat detection models.</li>
	<li data-sourcepos="18:1-18:161">Partner with threat intelligence analysts to understand emerging attack techniques and leverage data to develop novel detection strategies and expose findings.</li>
	<li data-sourcepos="19:1-19:112">Perform in-depth data analysis to identify trends, relationships, and anomalies within vast security datasets.</li>
	<li data-sourcepos="20:1-20:121">Develop, validate, and refine statistical and machine learning models for threat detection and intelligence generation.</li>
	<li data-sourcepos="21:1-21:152">Monitor the performance of analytical models and threat intelligence pipelines, continuously identifying opportunities for improvement and refinement.</li>
	<li data-sourcepos="22:1-23:0">Investigate and resolve data-related issues in production environments, ensuring the accuracy and integrity of our threat intelligence.</li>
</ul>
<p data-sourcepos="24:1-24:60"><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge, and experience:</strong></p>
<ul data-sourcepos="26:1-30:0">
	<li data-sourcepos="26:1-26:180">Thorough understanding of statistical modeling, hypothesis testing, and various machine learning algorithms, including their strengths and weaknesses across different data types.</li>
	<li data-sourcepos="27:1-27:190">Desire to see a data-driven project through all the way from initial research and experimentation, through model validation, to the delivery of actionable insights and automated processes.</li>
	<li data-sourcepos="28:1-28:131">Demonstrated ability to present complex analytical findings clearly and concisely, and actively solicit and incorporate feedback.</li>
	<li data-sourcepos="29:1-30:0">Proven ability to deliver high-quality analytical work (what) with strong collaborative and problem-solving behaviors (how).</li>
</ul>
<p data-sourcepos="31:1-31:16"><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<p data-sourcepos="33:1-33:151">These are skills that are beneficial and may be required in the role; we are happy to support your learning on the job, but prior experience is a plus:</p>
<ul data-sourcepos="35:1-39:93">
	<li data-sourcepos="35:1-35:78">Experience with large-scale data processing frameworks (e.g., Spark, Flink).</li>
	<li data-sourcepos="36:1-36:100">Experience with time series analysis, anomaly detection, or graph analytics in a security context.</li>
	<li data-sourcepos="37:1-37:101">Proficiency in data visualization tools and techniques to effectively communicate complex findings.</li>
	<li data-sourcepos="38:1-38:100">A basic understanding of the cyber threat landscape and technical Indicators of Compromise (IOCs).</li>
	<li data-sourcepos="39:1-39:93">Experience with Natural Language Processing (NLP) for analyzing unstructured security data.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>