<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h1><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sr. Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) for Zero Trust Clients</span></h1>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What you’ll do</span></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Zero Trust team is looking for an SDET/Automation Engineer with a </span><strong>strong experience</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> working with </span><strong>desktop and mobile applications</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As an SDET/Automation Engineer, you will help us set up, improve, and maintain our </span><strong>end-to-end (E2E) testing automation</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> frameworks &amp; processes to enable the teams to </span><strong>guarantee the quality and reliability</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> of their apps. You will work closely with our client teams to define and refine our </span><strong>approach to testing automation</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, and drive the direction of our testing strategy to ensure the reliable and scalable testing of our software.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We expect you to be a T-shaped engineer, who is just as capable of writing high-quality, low-complexity code for test automation (e.g. E2E testing framework), as you are setting up and managing test infrastructure (e.g. integration with CI/CD platforms or VM orchestration). You will also be expected to use your passion and extensive testing experience to advocate for and instill best testing practice in the team.</span></p>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">Examples of desirable skills, knowledge, and experience</span></h2>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Excellent</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><strong>programming skills</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, with experience writing high-quality, highly-documented, low-complexity code</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Empathetic, proactive, and constructive </span><strong>communication skills</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, verbal and written</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proficiency in one or more common </span><strong>cross-platform scripting</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><strong>language</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> (Python, PowerShell, etc.)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid experience working on </span><strong>E2E automation frameworks</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, as well as automation frameworks (e.g. Robot Framework, Gauge, Appium)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with DevOps, specifically managing</span><strong> CI/CD infrastructure</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and including testing automation in the SDLC process</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with automated </span><strong>E2E testing of network-based apps</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, especially VPNs (e.g. DNS, protocols, throttling, packet loss, etc.)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrable experience working on </span><strong>multi-platform client automation</strong></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Good knowledge of macOS, Windows, and Linux platforms and their testing technologies (e.g. XCTest, XCUITests, NUnit, WinAppDriver, Appium)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience setting up or working with </span><strong>multi-platform VM orchestration</strong></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience using one or more Mobile Device Management platforms (MDMs)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bonus: Knowledge of Go and/or Rust</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bonus: Experience with mobile app automation (iOS and Android)</span></li>
</ul>
<h4><br><br></h4>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>