<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Department:</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s IT/Enterprise Engineering, Planning and Governance Team is a crucial pillar of the CIO Organization. It manages programs and initiatives across IT Infrastructure, Enterprise Systems, and Enterprise Engineering, enabling Cloudflare internal teams to operate at their most efficient level. The team establishes end-to-end governance principles and frameworks, leads business partnering, and drives program planning, execution, and demand capacity management.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About the role:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for a highly skilled and self-motivated Technical Program Manager, IT/Enterprise Engineering with excellent communication skills who thrives on solving challenges to join our team. Your main role will be to work with the team to plan and manage programs to successful completion. Our large programs span over multiple quarters involving IT, various Business Verticals and Technical Operations teams.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You bring a passion for matching up business needs with building technically innovative solutions, and excel at shifting between the two—understanding how big-picture goals inform technical details, and vice-versa. You are able to implement and drive processes and persistently make progress.&nbsp; The ideal candidate is flexible and comfortable in playing multiple roles (diplomat, moderator, negotiator, reporter, coach, etc.), leading initiatives, and is able to adapt to changing situations. Combined with technical expertise, you have the ability to build trust and strong partnership with counterparts in Engineering, Development, Operations, and Business teams.</span></p>
<p><strong>Re</strong><strong>sponsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build&nbsp; bridges across Cloudflare to ensure programs/ projects are effectively planned, developed, integrated and deployed with quality and on time delivery into our production systems.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be&nbsp; the glue that binds a highly cohesive cross functional core team in the planning and execution of tasks required to ensure success of the multitude of projects comprising&nbsp; a program.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Gather business requirements and assist with translating requirements into future state design options.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build clear and transparent communication channels to align business stakeholders, IT, and third-party vendors to ensure relevant audiences receive appropriate updates on programs and projects.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with stakeholders in controlling program scope&nbsp; and executing to committed schedules, as well as maintaining and reporting out program deliverables across&nbsp; multiple teams and business units.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Establish and maintain relationships with vendors, ensuring adherence to best practices and accountability throughout program lifecycle.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Maintain clear line-of-site on the critical path timeline; managing risks, and facilitating resolution of blockers to ensure project success.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with Business PMs on internal processes, tools and workflows across multiple teams and functions across Cloudflare, in support of IT governance and project management methodologies, processes and procedures.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge, and experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">7+ years experience in program and project management</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years proven experience in leading highly complex, enterprise-wide initiatives</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Track record of delivering technical programs through the full end to end program management lifecycle, from conception to usability study</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Have a balance of people, organizational, and technical skills to deliver and guide decision making without authority</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work independently in a dynamic and high-pressure environment with timely delivery despite ambiguous and changing business requirements</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong competency with project management tools (Confluence, JIRA, Smartsheets, etc.) and various methodologies (Waterfall, Scrum, etc)&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to clearly and concisely communicate with an executive audience in both written and verbal communications in English (writing sample will be requested)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Thrive in a fast-paced hyper-growth engineering environment, with the ability to learn new technologies quickly, and extremely comfortable&nbsp; with ambiguity</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems Management, Technology management, Business management or related field</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven working experience as a program manager in the technology sector, preferably within an IT or Corporate Technology department</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with both waterfall and Agile development methodologies, and project budget administration</span></li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Salesforce Service Cloud</span></li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">PMP/PgMP and Agile certifications</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fluency in organizational change management methodologies (Prosci, etc.)</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>