<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p>Location: Austin, TX or San Francisco Bay Area</p>
<h4>About the department:</h4>
<p>Cloudflare Enterprise Information Technology department architects, implements, and supports technology for our internal infrastructure, enterprise applications, and end user community.</p>
<p>The IT Infrastructure Team manages and supports our global end user computing fleet along with the services and infrastructure that empowers our business to operate at a global scale.&nbsp; Onboarding, maintenance lifecycle, platform integrations, security, secure disposal, as well as physical and cloud asset management are parts of the puzzle we're working on.&nbsp; Automating and implementing the most efficient processes to manage all of this in a scalable, high growth environment is our northstar.</p>
<p><strong>About this Role:</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking a highly experienced and technical leader to join our IT team as a Director, Enterprise Operations and Infrastructure. In this role, you will be responsible for leading teams of IT Ops Engineers and Enterprise Systems Developers to design, build, integrate, and optimize new and existing IT tools and processes around cloud infrastructure, end user computing device configuration, physical and virtual asset deployment, as well as employee onboarding and collaboration.</p>
<p>Responsibilities:</p>
<ul>
	<li>Craft a clear and compelling long-term vision for IT Infrastructure and Operations, establishing OKRs and capabilities roadmaps that enable the organization's overall strategic goals and incorporate modern technology trends and innovations..</li>
	<li>Establish a culture of operational excellence and automation by designing and maintaining a portfolio of cloud and self-hosted applications/infrastructure, leveraging practices such as CI/CD and Infrastructure-as-Code.</li>
	<li>Ensure consistent delivery of core infrastructure and network services using modern observability engineering technology to establish SLOs with automated monitoring and effective incident response using a tiered service framework.</li>
	<li>Develop and maintain comprehensive runbooks and documentation to ensure efficient IT operations, streamline troubleshooting, and support consistent, high-quality service delivery.</li>
	<li>Lead a team of engineers committed to optimizing the onboarding and lifecycle management of Enterprise physical and virtual assets.</li>
	<li>Lead a team of engineers to design and implement a resilient multi-cloud architecture, enhancing performance and scale by leveraging Cloudflare's flagship products.</li>
	<li>Design integrations using in-house and SaaS applications to automate workflows for endpoint provisioning and management, reducing user friction and enhancing efficiency.</li>
	<li>Partner with Security and Compliance teams to ensure a secure and compliant endpoint fleet, leveraging precise integrations with identity and management solutions using Cloudflare's products.</li>
	<li>Work with Enterprise Apps and People teams in partnership with IT Customer Zero to&nbsp; develop automations around user onboarding, offboarding and curated user experiences including leveraging cloudflare products in achieving positive outcomes.</li>
	<li>Work cross functionality closely with Devtools, Engineering and Platform teams where infrastructure capabilities can support and enhance our Go-To-Market velocity.</li>
	<li>Leverage your experience in partnering with key stakeholders to scope and deliver cross-functional objectives</li>
	<li>Serve as the highest technical escalation point for our Ops Engineers</li>
	<li>Participate in on-call rotation for after-hours support as necessary</li>
</ul>
<p>Requirements:</p>
<ul>
	<li>7-10+ years of experience with design, development, and management of Enterprise Cloud and Endpoint Infrastructure at scale including implementing observability, SDLC, and security best practices.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
	<li>3-5+ years of strategic technical leadership experience with design, development, and management of Enterprise processes, including automation of endpoint and user lifecycle.</li>
	<li>Strong knowledge and experience with configuration management tools and Infrastructure as Code methods, such as Terraform, Ansible, Chef, etc.</li>
	<li>Strong knowledge and experience with build-deploy pipeline development and multiple environment deployment practices</li>
	<li>Experience and expertise in Agile methodology, Agile or Scrum certifications preferred</li>
	<li>Moderate to advanced programming experience (Python, Golang, Bash, etc.)</li>
	<li>Ability to extend functionality of existing off-the-shelf endpoint management products, such as JAMF/Intune/Google</li>
	<li>Excellent interpersonal and communication skills in written and spoken English</li>
	<li>Prior management experience, preferably with enterprise engineering teams</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>