<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Lisbon, Portugal or London, United Kingdom&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Team</strong></p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other internet properties, from individual bloggers to Fortune 500 companies, protecting and accelerating them without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The FinTech Data Science team is central to Cloudflare’s innovation and harnesses the massive amount of data generated by our network. We cover a broad scope, from optimizing Billing and Revenue operations to detecting Fraud, and possess a unique opportunity to use these insights to discover new products or transform existing ones.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>We're seeking a Data Scientist to join our FinTech Data Science team. In this role, you will apply advanced statistical analyses and ML models to large datasets to solve challenges in Billing and Fraud. You will lead the development of our foundational fraud detection framework, building the initial ML models to mitigate financial risk. In addition, you will drive innovation in our Billing systems by applying AI to unstructured data to improve user experience. If you are excited to use data to not only optimize our operations but to discover and build the next generation of FinTech products, we would love to hear from you!</p>
<p>The ideal candidate will possess a strong foundational knowledge of data science principles and statistical modeling. Day-to-day responsibilities include:</p>
<ul>
	<li>Collaborate with Product, Engineering, Support and Finance teams to translate complex business requirements into scalable data science solutions for Billing and Fraud</li>
	<li>Lead the design and implementation of foundational Machine Learning models to detect financial anomalies, abuse patterns, and fraud risks</li>
	<li>Leverage AI and NLP techniques to mine unstructured data, such as support logs and user feedback, to identify friction points and uncover hidden improvements in our billing systems</li>
	<li>Manage the full lifecycle of our models, from exploratory analysis and feature engineering to validation, deployment, and monitoring in production</li>
	<li>Proactively identify opportunities to transform data insights into new FinTech product features or strategic business initiatives</li>
	<li>Build and optimize robust data pipelines ensuring data is discoverable and easy to query</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Required skills, knowledge, and experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>MS/PhD in a quantitative field (CS, Statistics, Math, etc.) with 5+ years of industry experience</li>
	<li>Strong knowledge and hands-on experience in machine learning and statistics</li>
	<li>Experience using LLMs to extract actionable insights from unstructured data</li>
	<li>Proficiency in SQL and Python</li>
	<li>Hands-on experience building and maintaining data pipelines</li>
	<li>Experience deploying machine learning models into production environments</li>
	<li>Ability to navigate ambiguity and lead the development of foundational products from scratch</li>
	<li>Excellent communicator, with a focus on driving impact</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Experience in FinTech</li>
	<li>Experience working on fraud or support related problems</li>
	<li>Experience building AI agents</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>