<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>About the team&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<h4><strong>Cloudflare helps build the future of the Internet. The Emerging Technology and Incubation (ETI) team invents, launches, and brings to market the technologies required to reach that goal.</strong></h4>
<p>ETI ships software that changes the Internet. We <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/announcing-1111/">launched</a> the world’s fastest DNS resolver, 1.1.1.1, and users in any location now have a fast, private on-ramp to the Internet thanks to <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/1111-warp-better-vpn/">Cloudflare WARP</a>. Four years ago, ETI <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-cloudflare-workers/">released </a>Cloudflare Workers, the Internet’s <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-workers-the-fast-serverless-platform/">fast serverless platform</a> that delivers a compute platform in Cloudflare’s 250+ data centers. Three years ago, we <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/using-cloudflare-registrar/">built</a> the Internet’s first at-cost domain registrar. More recently, <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/">Cloudflare One</a>, our vision for enterprise security, started life as a set of products <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-access-now-teams-of-any-size-can-turn-off-their-vpn/">first developed</a> in ETI.</p>
<p>The team members in ETI make this possible. The group consists of engineers, product managers, developer advocates and researchers who share a common passion for helping build a better Internet. The ETI organization encourages individual team members to be ambitious and bold in how we find and solve problems. We move quickly and shape our products based on customer usage and feedback, while leveraging the massive scale and reliability of our global network.</p>
<p>ETI also helps drive our Innovation Weeks at Cloudflare. Whether it is <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/zero-trust-week/">Zero Trust Week</a>, <a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/speed-week/">Speed Week</a>, or <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/birthday-week/">Birthday Week</a> here at Cloudflare, ETI contributes new products, features, and visions for helping build a better Internet. Doing that requires all of ETI to execute on releases that customers will use today, tell our story as part of Cloudflare’s larger mission, and to build products that allow Cloudflare’s customers to realize that 1+1 can equal 3 when using all of these features together.</p>
<p>ETI works closely with teams across all of Cloudflare. ETI creates integrations and features that support new partnerships with our Special Project team. The marketing team works with ETI to launch new marketing engineering projects like <a href="https://cloudflare.tv/live">Cloudflare TV.</a> ETI helps all of Cloudflare accomplish its vision of helping build a better Internet.</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<h4>You will lead the operations, strategic initiatives and communications of the group, working alongside the Product Managers and Engineering Leaders to launch new technology on Cloudflare’s network.</h4>
<p><strong>Operations and Strategic Initiatives:</strong>&nbsp; Lead the strategic initiatives that start in ETI or rely on the ETI team. These projects can include acquisition due diligence and integration, partnerships that expand Cloudflare’s technology to reach new customers, and marketing exercises that use technology built in ETI to better tell Cloudflare’s story.</p>
<p><strong>Team and Project Management: </strong>Shape the execution of ETI’s vision for helping build a better Internet. The product and engineering teams in ETI will trust you to help set priorities across the group and to own new projects or dependencies. You will work closely with teams across Cloudflare to deliver on those goals.</p>
<p><strong>Communications</strong>: You will help ETI tell its story, internally and collaborate cross-functionally to help tell it to the right audiences externally. You will collaborate with Communications Team to help tell stories externally and to help draft external communications. You will also create retrospectives and celebrations that we share with Cloudflare, owning the presentations and materials sent by ETI. You will also help the product, engineering, and marketing teams get the inputs they need to tell specific stories in their areas.</p>
<h3><strong>Who you are</strong></h3>
<h4>A suitable candidate will have an exceptional understanding of engineering or product management, possess a deep desire to learn and communicates with grace and empathy inside and outside of Cloudflare.&nbsp; You have an entrepreneurial approach and solve thorny problems by getting first to the principles and then aligning the team on the goal; executing, learning and adapting.</h4>
<ul>
	<li>Experience as a Product Manager in a technology company or a combination of technical experience plus management consulting or investment banking&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Experience working alongside engineering and design teams</li>
	<li>Track record of working with or reporting to senior management</li>
	<li>Experience working with customers to deploy and capture feedback on new technologies</li>
	<li>The ability to work in a fast-moving and ever-changing environment</li>
	<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li>
	<li>Exceptional people skills and empathy</li>
	<li>A high degree of attention to detail</li>
	<li>A kind and generous attitude towards customers and co-workers alike</li>
	<li>A desire to receive feedback and grow</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>