<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Location: Bangalore, India</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the department</strong></p>
<p>The Cloudflare Customer Support Team solves complicated problems and answers technical inquiries via phone, email, chat, and social media. Whether it is a blogger using our free services or a global 2000, large enterprise business with petabytes of web traffic, our team is always eager to assist. At Cloudflare, our Global Customer Support organization works directly with customers to ensure a world-class level of technical support for all our products and services. We are the eyes and ears of Cloudflare, acting as the real-time voice of the customer to help communicate their needs and real-world use cases back to the rest of the company - to help build a better service and future product development.</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<p>As the leader of our Customer Support team in India, you will be responsible for ensuring the success of our customers by investing in the development of highly productive Technical Support Engineers, highly efficient processes, and world-class tools and services. In addition you are part of the Support organization’s leadership team building strategy to provide our customers an outstanding customer experience. You will bring strong relationship-building experience, deep technical and product knowledge, project management and organizational skills, as well as a high degree of empathy to ensure all customers’ satisfaction with Cloudflare’s services. This is a new position and a new team, and you will be building our India presence from the ground up.</p>
<p><strong>Your responsibilities will include:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Site Leadership</strong> - Build and lead the support organization in India including our Technical Support Engineers, Technical Account Managers and more.</li>
	<li><strong>Team Management</strong> - Supervising and managing a team of Support Engineers, including their performance, productivity, and adherence to business regulations and procedures.</li>
	<li><strong>Performance Monitoring</strong> - Maintain and evaluate individual and team performance metrics such as quality scores, average handle time, customer satisfaction ratings and resolution targets.</li>
	<li><strong>Coaching and Training</strong> - Have a focus of continual coaching, mentoring and training to enhance the team’s skill set, product knowledge and customer service capabilities.</li>
	<li><strong>Work Allocation </strong>- Assigning tasks, projects and client assignments based on each team member’s skill set and workload capabilities.</li>
	<li><strong>Quality Assurance</strong> - Maintaining quality standards and conducting frequent quality audits to identify improvement areas and provide feedback to individuals.</li>
	<li><strong>Stakeholder Engagement</strong> - Be the senior representative for Customer Support in India, both externally with customers and internally between various functions such as sales, solutions engineering, customer success, product and engineering.</li>
	<li><strong>Escalation Management</strong> - Handle complex and high-impact escalations involving various internal and external stakeholders, and act as a point of escalation for complex customer issues, working closely with internal teams to ensure timely resolution.</li>
	<li><strong>Strategic Leadership</strong> - Develop and articulate a strategic vision for providing the world’s best customer support within the region and globe, taking into account geography, languages, and country-specific technical challenges.</li>
	<li><strong>Cloudflare Culture Champion</strong> - Create a culture of inclusion, belonging and transparency within the team, and ensure connectivity with the larger Customer Support and Cloudflare culture.</li>
	<li><strong>People Motivator</strong> - Create a positive work environment to enable the team to do their best work, feel valued and motivated, create career and development opportunities, and ensure high retention rate.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Business, or a related field</li>
	<li>5+ years of experience in management of technical support teams in the SaaS/PaaS technology industry, including manager of managers</li>
	<li>Experience building teams and processes that support global customers and geographies</li>
	<li>Proven leader and motivator with deep experience building and growing customer support organizations</li>
	<li>Proven experience serving in a Cloud Service Platform, Security and Networking company will be a huge plus</li>
	<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build strong relationships with customers and internal stakeholders</li>
	<li>Proven track record of driving customer success and achieving business outcomes</li>
	<li>Experience working with cross-functional teams to deliver solutions that meet customer needs</li>
	<li>Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and adapt to changing priorities.</li>
	<li>You understand the fundamental technologies involved with the Internet, and the value proposition of Cloudflare’s products</li>
	<li>Ability and willingness to work occasional weekends, holidays, and after hours</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>