<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>About the department</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Because of the scope, complexity, and diversity of the company’s work, we need a world-class team to help the company avoid distractions, and guide company leadership around obstacles.&nbsp; Our legal and policy teams are made up of very accomplished lawyers and staff who comprise a flexible, talented, and very cohesive team.</span></p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is looking for a bright, proactive, and detail-oriented Executive Assistant who can support our General Counsel and our VP, Head of Legal–Commercial Transactions, and generally help coordinate the collaborative work of our larger Legal team.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The perfect candidate must be comfortable with a significant volume of tasks and prioritization in a fast-paced environment with close attention to detail, accuracy, and timeliness. The position requires the ability to apply a good deal of common sense and a growing understanding of work habits and priorities to keep everything working smoothly and in good spirits.&nbsp; The candidate will have to work with team members at all levels, sometimes under pressure. A high level of integrity and discretion in handling confidential information and professionalism in dealing with executives both inside and outside the company is important, as is a positive attitude.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The responsibilities of the Executive Assistant will be to provide administrative and substantive support, including:&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proactively own and flawlessly execute on very active, fluid calendars, prioritizing with purpose, deflecting with tact, and understanding both the short and long-term impacts of each confirmed, declined, and rescheduled meeting. Scheduling needs range from regular Board committee meetings, to internal cross-functional meetings, connecting with external counsel, interviews with candidates, 1:1s with direct reports, and a weekly team teaming of 50+ attendees.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Coordinate participation in external and company events. Help book domestic and international travel, ensure timely submission of expense reports.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Track and draft communications with tact, substance, and accuracy. Vet and provide confidential requested information to appropriate stakeholders.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Help organize internal and well as external events and other collaborative opportunities for the General Counsel, the VP, Head of Legal–Commercial Transactions, and the larger legal team, including event planning, assistance with scheduling, catering, working with the Places and IT teams to ensure a smooth and seamless experience.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Coordinate on ad hoc projects to support the General Counsel, the VP, Head of Legal-Commercial Transactions, and other leadership members of the Legal team as requested.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and foster relationships across the company, from the Admins of each team to senior members of the various orgs to become a helpful bridge and representative of the LPT Team. Problem solve where pain points can be eliminated and efficiencies can be attained.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">The ideal candidate is someone who wants an opportunity for growth and is excited to jump into a close working relationship with the dynamic leadership of one of the fastest-growing tech companies in the world.&nbsp; This position is ideal for someone with a thirst for knowledge who is looking for the first step on creating a career, and a desire to learn more about technology, Internet policy, and legal issues.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">4-6+ years minimum experience in an administrative or support role, experience in a law firm or tech in-house environment is a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">High School diploma required, Associate or Bachelor's Degree preferred</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong written and verbal communication skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong sense of proactiveness, combined with good judgment</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to manage their own time with limited or no supervision</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to hit the ground running and take charge of the position</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Start-up background is a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Working knowledge of Google Suite, Concur, and Coupa is a plus</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>