<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About The Department</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare Workers allow customers to quickly build high performance applications that are deployed on Cloudflare’s edge network.&nbsp; The Workers team is responsible for building a platform that scales your application no matter how large or small.&nbsp; As a Product Manager on the Workers team you’ll be responsible for identifying new markets and building solutions to help customers develop and deploy their applications on Workers.</span></p>
<p><strong>About The Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Application development was completely transformed by the shift from on-premise to the cloud. No longer did a developer have to maintain their own hardware. But there’s still plenty of overhead involved in the software development process. What if, instead, developers could simply write code — and that code would be deployed all around the world, close to end users, so that it was incredibly performant?</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">That’s the vision for Cloudflare Workers — to bring the best of serverless and edge computing together, allowing developers to focus on what they do best: write code that matters.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare Workers is our powerful serverless development platform that allows developers to augment existing applications or create entirely new ones without configuring or maintaining infrastructure. As a product manager, you’ll be tasked with driving new use cases onto workers and building out a roadmap of features with that mission in mind.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In this role, you’ll tackle product research head on, building business cases for new areas of product investment. You’ll work closely with engineering to define and prioritize projects coming out of your research. You’ll work closely with prospects to understand the market and their needs.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position requires you to be a self-starter with the ability to take ownership, work with tight timelines, handle various tasks simultaneously while maintaining a positive attitude. In addition, great oral communication and written documentation skills are critical for this role for promoting ideas throughout the company.</span></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Guide the development of product direction for experienced engineering tiger teams.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead projects from ideation through launch</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Delve into market research to drive new investments opportunities</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and nurture relationships with engineering and coordinate closely to ensure successful delivery of product</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with other departments such as Developer Community, Product Marketing, Marketing, Sales, and Customer Support to drive adoption with and gather feedback from customers and prospects</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ruthlessly prioritize across a complex environment of goals, stakeholders and customers</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Represent the company externally as needed, including meetings with customers and prospects</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples Of Desirable Skills, Knowledge And Experience</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The ideal candidate is entrepreneurial-minded and thrives in a fast-paced and goal-driven environment. You have outstanding communication and collaboration skills and are able to work with a diverse group, get alignment, and drive the product forward. You are execution focused and emphasize getting things done while paying attention to important details.</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience as a Product Manager</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven track record of shipping products from ideation to launch</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to articulate a vision and strategy in a way that inspires and motivates a team and focuses their energy on achieving business goals</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong technical abilities. You are intimately familiar with modern software development practices used to build and deploy applications. You are capable of wading into the details, but can also drive 30k foot view</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience building great user experiences; drives elegant, simple interactions</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong customer and stakeholder empathy. You must be not only the voice of the customer, but at various times the voice of marketing, finance, engineering, support and ops. You must be able to channel many points of view.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Some scripting/programming experience (Javascript, Rust, Go, etc.) and/or experience with query languages.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Hands-on experience with developer tools and platforms used for building scalable, cloud-based applications.</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>