<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>About the department</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s Enterprise Engineering Team builds and runs software and systems that make Cloudflare run more efficiently and enable our customers and partners to do business with us. Enterprise Engineering is part of the CIO organization, this team seeks talented business systems analyst who take great pride in both the technical and business contribution of their work. You will be given the chance to have a significant impact on our systems, our business and most importantly, our customers. As a member of our team, you will work closely with the business to design and implement new features. You will contribute to all aspects of an agile software development life cycle including design, architecture, development, documentation, testing and operations. You will push your design and architecture limits by owning all aspects of solutions end-to-end.&nbsp;</span></p>
<h4><strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;What you'll do</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and maintain backend billing system configurations, product configurations in the Order to Cash flow and accounting system workflows.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Provide support and maintenance for subscription billing application within the Development, Test and Production environments</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support continuous system improvement of all aspects of customer billing for a variety of customer bases including service provisioning, product bundling, complex pricing, usage rating, invoicing, support for several payment methods and currencies to name a few.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Participate in systems analysis and detailed systems design.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support/ build integrations with backed billing system, accounting/ tax systems, payment gateways and applications involved in quote to cash ecosystems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Respond promptly to application alerts, production issues and follow through to resolution per established SLAs</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with the Revenue Ops to document and re-engineer current processes within business applications, support month end close process&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify gaps and opportunities for automation and work on Proof of concepts for new requirements as appropriate</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with external vendors and product support teams to troubleshoot systems issues as they arise</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Perform day-to-day maintenance of the application in operation, including tasks related to identifying issue root cause(s), troubleshooting issues, and issue resolution, dispatch to partner teams, and/or escalation</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Seek opportunities to streamline and/or automate procedures</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years experience implementing a SAAS based/ subscription billing system (eg. Stripe, Zuora, Oracle BRM etc)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fluency with writing queries any one database language MySQL/ BigQuery/ Oracle</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Possess excellent communication skills – written and oral, interpersonal and organizational.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong documentation skill writing functional/ technical specs</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to handle multiple projects and responsibilities with competing priorities</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrated experience working with business functions to understand and map processes to functional and technical specifications</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid understanding of business Financial processes including but not limited to Order to cash process including OM/ Billing/ AR/ RevRec and understanding of GL</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to develop and maintain automation scripts for billing platform in any scripting languages like python, Go</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;Bonus points if you have</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Track record of delivering successful large-scale, business transformation, and multi-disciplinary change initiatives especially in Subscription/SaaS model</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years experience in systems analyst roles, implementing and supporting ERP applications such as Oracle, Netsuite, SAP or Workday Financials</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Business engagement and business analysis experience in implementing ERP systems is preferred</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>