<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is looking for a Seasoned B2B Enterprise Marketing Leader, who has a proven track record of driving and building a large, dedicated and energetic Marketing team, implementing a clear demand generation strategy aligned to the needs of the region for success. The right candidate for this role will have high energy, be a focused and deliberate leader who can partner with sales leadership, cross functional Marketing teams&nbsp; and their own team to achieve the business goal of pipeline growth and closed deals across new logo acquisition, expansion of customers and, supporting and growing our focus partners across EMEA. You will play a key role in driving regional marketing success, managing a diverse range of integrated marketing programs and activities.</span></p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with marketing leadership, sales leadership and other core marketing, sales, and product functions to support the strategy &amp; execution of ABM and Field Marketing campaigns.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead the strategy and support execution of customer and acquisition nurture programs focused on driving pipeline and closed-won deals.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrate a solid understanding of marketing best practices and processes, most specifically on the field execution of demand generation marketing campaigns.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Align our EMEA acquisition program, goals, and results with regional sales leaders.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and execute scalable, integrated, multi-touch acquisition programs which increase conversion and reduce acquisition cost. Tactics include: ABM strategies across the funnel, SEM, Events and influence channels to support regional awareness.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Working with Sales and Marketing Operations, track, analyze, and report out on our campaign performance across all marketing channels.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead, develop, and mentor a growing team of ABM and field marketing managers and specialists.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Track the market for trends, benchmarks, opportunities, competitive tactics, best practices, tools/platforms, etc. and use that information to make recommendations.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Management of the demand generation budget and third-party providers, including vendors, freelancers and contractors.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">10+ years proven experience in an EMEA Marketing leadership role</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">10+ years proven experience in B2B marketing (enterprise software, SaaS, regional marketing and/or info security experience a plus)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">BA/BS in Marketing, Business, or other related field</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">10+ years of experience leading teams of 15+, and a strong interest in mentorship and professional development.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience and knowledge of leading ABM, digital campaigns, events and field marketing for a SaaS or technology company.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong analytical skills and high level of comfort with data-based models to plan, forecast, monitor, and optimize performance on an ongoing basis&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent writing and verbal communication skills.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to effectively influence both internal and external stakeholders across all levels of the organization.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience managing vendors and negotiating contracts.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Agency, sponsorship, and budget management experience.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to manage ambiguity and navigate unforeseen obstacles gracefully.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Results oriented with experience using qualitative and quantitative metrics with a focus on revenue, conversion, sales, and other marketing goals.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Other favorable attributes:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Motivated, positive and above all a team player</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extreme curiosity</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Builder mindset</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>