<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Location: Bengaluru, India</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Role: Technical Support Engineer</strong></h3>
<h3><strong>About Us</strong></h3>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>About the Team</strong></h3>
<p>The Cloudflare Customer Support Team solves complicated problems and answers technical questions via phone, email, chat and social media. Whether it is a Wordpress blogger using our services for free or a global Enterprise business with petabytes of web traffic, we are always eager to assist. We are the eyes and ears of Cloudflare, acting as the real-time voice of the customer to help communicate their needs and real-world use cases back to the rest of the company - for better service and future product development.</p>
<h3><strong>What You'll Do</strong></h3>
<p>Do you love solving complex technical issues and interacting with people? Are you passionate about providing premium-level support to customers and are a standout colleague? Cloudflare is seeking an experienced <strong>Technical </strong><strong>Support Engineer</strong><strong> </strong>to join our team. You will work with our broad customer base on a variety of technical support issues ranging from troubleshooting network performance and security concerns to providing guidance on product configurations and best practices.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
	<li>Serve as a trusted technical advisor, providing advanced support for enterprise customers using Cloudflare’s suite of products.</li>
	<li>Engage with customers through email, phone, and chat, providing clear, concise, and empathetic communication to effectively address their technical needs and ensure a positive support experience.</li>
	<li>Create and maintain knowledge base articles, technical guides, and troubleshooting documentation for internal and customer use.</li>
	<li>Partner with Cloudflare’s Product, Engineering, and Security teams to escalate and resolve advanced customer issues.</li>
	<li>Provide feedback based on customer interactions to drive product improvements and ensure alignment with user needs.</li>
	<li>Assist customers in identifying and responding to security incidents, leveraging Cloudflare’s threat intelligence and security tools.</li>
	<li>This role requires working in rotational shifts, including evenings, weekends, and public holidays, to support our global customer base.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What We're Looking For</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li>You have a minimum of 4 years experience working as a Support Engineer / Sr. Support Engineer supporting networking or web security products.</li>
	<li>Exceptional troubleshooting and problem-solving skills, with the ability to simplify complex concepts for customers.</li>
	<li>Strong customer service orientation and communication skills, both written and verbal, and you are fluent in English.</li>
	<li>Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.</li>
	<li>You are a motivated self-starter who always looking to expand your skill sets, you take initiatives and capable of learning new technologies / systems / features with little guidance</li>
	<li>You have a solid grasp of problem solving with command line tools (dig/traceroute/curl/tcpdump)</li>
	<li>You have experience writing scripts in Bash, Python, JavaScript, or other scripting language</li>
	<li>You have experience installing and configuring web servers like Apache, Nginx, and IIS</li>
	<li>Proficiency in networking fundamentals, including DNS, VPNs, firewalls, and traffic routing.</li>
	<li>Experience supporting cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP) and SaaS application integrations.</li>
	<li>You are familiar with Cloudflare and have a site actively using our platform</li>
	<li>You have worked with PostgreSQL, MySQL, MS SQL or other database servers.</li>
	<li>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Cybersecurity, or a related field (or equivalent experience).</li>
	<li>Relevant certifications such as CISSP, CCSP, GCIA, GCIH, GCFA or equivalent.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>