<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Washington, D.C. or London, UK</strong></p>
<p><strong>About this job</strong></p>
<p>As the world’s first connectivity cloud, Cloudflare helps connect and protect millions of customers globally. Everyone from individuals to the world’s largest enterprises use our unified platform of networking, security, and developer services to succeed everywhere in the world. This can sometimes make Cloudflare a target for litigation and regulation. We’re looking for a Litigation Counsel to join our team responsible for managing litigation matters around the world.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate is comfortable confronting novel legal issues in a fast paced environment, while never losing sight of Cloudflare’s core principles. As Litigation Counsel, you’ll work with our internal legal team, external counsel, and stakeholders across the company to handle ongoing lawsuits, respond to litigation threats, and assist in broader legal strategy. You’ll help Cloudflare navigate a diverse set of legal issues around the globe including intellectual property, contracts and other business disputes, regulatory issues, and labor and employment matters. Cloudflare faces complex legal issues as a result of its role as an Internet infrastructure provider, including litigation and regulation relating to customer content on our network (i.e., “intermediary liability”). These cases require a strong interest in navigating challenging technical and legal issues in order to advance Cloudflare’s mission to help build a better Internet. The ideal candidate has the passion to keep pace with a fast moving docket, the curiosity to dive deep into evolving technology and Internet law, and the initiative to help scale our litigation function alongside a fast growing company.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Work with our existing litigation team to help formulate and implement litigation strategies;</li>
	<li>Evaluate and respond to litigation threats and legal matters in various jurisdictions around the world;</li>
	<li>Help select, onboard, and manage outside counsel on all aspects of litigation (including factual development, briefing, hearings, trials, appeals, etc.)</li>
	<li>Work cross-functionally to further develop Cloudflare’s approach to intermediary liability, AI, and other emerging legal and technology issues globally;</li>
	<li>Assist in responding to and working with government regulators and private organizations on issues relating to Cloudflare’s products and services;</li>
	<li>Communicate with business leaders across the company about ongoing litigation and litigation threats, and provide training and resources to address future legal risks.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You have:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Been admitted to practice law in the US;</li>
	<li>4+ years PQE either in a law firm or in-house (preferably with technology companies);</li>
	<li>Experience litigating cases in one or more jurisdictions;&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Strong communication skills and cooperative team player;</li>
	<li>Ability to lead with empathy and understanding while embracing diverse points of view;</li>
	<li>Flexibility to adapt and thrive in a fast paced environment;</li>
	<li>Ability to work cross-functionally, with lawyers and non-lawyers, to establish principled, thoughtful, and effective solutions efficiently and in an amenable manner;</li>
	<li>Ability to organize, prioritize, and manage many tasks on complex projects;</li>
	<li>An ambitious mindset that enables you to successfully work independently and autonomously with limited guidance, but also to use good judgment and call out issues when needed.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong><br>Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.</p>
<p>● For Washington, D.C. based hires: Estimated annual salary of $150,000 - $207,000.</p>
<p><strong>Equity</strong><br>This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong><br>Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family. Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun! The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S. &nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits</strong><br>● Medical/Rx Insurance<br>● Dental Insurance<br>● Vision Insurance<br>● Flexible Spending Accounts<br>● Commuter Spending Accounts<br>● Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits<br>● On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program<br>● Global Travel Medical Insurance</p>
<p><strong>Financial Benefits</strong><br>● Short and Long Term Disability Insurance<br>● Life &amp; Accident Insurance<br>● 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan<br>● Employee Stock Participation Plan</p>
<p><strong>Time Off</strong><br>● Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave<br>● Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>