<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is looking for an experienced and energetic Manager for its Hardware Systems Engineering Data Center Transport team. In pursuit of its goal to “help build a better Internet,” Cloudflare operates one of the world’s largest and most important cloud networks. Spanning more than 250 cities across the globe, Cloudflare’s network is a key strategic asset and supports all customers and products. The Hardware Systems Engineering team is charged with identifying, developing, delivering, and scaling the next generation of hardware that powers the Cloudflare network and the 19% of the web who depend on it.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In this role, you will lead a team of talented engineers focused on the selection and qualification of data center interconnection technologies that will allow us to scale out to every corner of the map. Our highly distributed global network uses state of the art metro area connectivity technologies to scale out widely to be as close as possible to every user on the Internet. As one of the most advanced networks on the Internet, our unique networking requirements will allow you to use your creativity and technical know-how to solve previously unsolved problems as we move toward hyperscale. You and your team will push technologies such as DWDM, ROADMs, and open line systems to the limit. Your team will be encouraged to experiment and explore other technologies such as OpenZR+ and coherent optics in your pursuit of the highest performing data center transport solutions. In this position, you will have a direct role in shaping the future of networking at Cloudflare, and the industry.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Reporting to the Director of Hardware Systems Engineering (Network), you will help design hardware solutions that are efficient, secure, reliable, and serviceable. You will partner closely across the Infrastructure and Production Engineering teams. We are looking for a hands-on leader who can rapidly apply previous learnings to enable and build a world-class network hardware engineering team. As an experienced leader, you will set strategy, establish priorities, hire and mentor a group of top technical talent, and implement new systems and processes that make Cloudflare–and the internet–better. You will be expected to solve hard problems under pressure, provide clear direction, and foster an energetic work environment.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">6+ years experience managing a network engineering and/or hardware engineering team, preferably at a hyperscale or cloud company</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrated expertise in optical interconnection technologies such as DWDM</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience developing low-latency, high performance hardware solutions</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep knowledge of industry trends and developments</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exceptional at attracting, hiring, coaching, and retaining engineering talent globally</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A positive “get it done” attitude and the ability to effectively prioritize and advance a large number of projects simultaneously</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An earned reputation for fairness, dependability, and adherence to high ethical standards</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>