<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4>About the department</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Logistics team key to powering Cloudflare’s global supply chain. This team manages the logistics footprint of our hardware in order to drive our global data center expansions.&nbsp; The team owns warehousing, manages assets, and global logistics strategy.&nbsp; We are critical to ensuring the fast and reliable growth of our network.&nbsp; We are a small, highly collaborative group working with and across key areas of Cloudflare’s infrastructure team.</span></p>
<h4>What you'll do</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will work closely with Cloudflare's Infrastructure team as well as with external vendors and partners to support the rapid growth and maintenance of our data center infrastructure. You will be responsible for coordinating the distribution and delivery of data center hardware to and from our data centers, mainly in the North America region. You will participate in the development and implementation of consistent processes and performance measurements.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will support the team globally on infrastructure projects such as data center expansions, hardware renewals, reverse logistics and spare parts. Additionally, the logistics team is responsible for asset management of our global data center infrastructure.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This is a role that requires understanding of warehousing, domestic trucking, and requires experience with related data analysis and KPI’s. You will support our logistics partners within a complex and fast moving global supply chain.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This is a highly collaborative position that will require coordinating with:</span></p>
<ul>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">External vendors including logistics partners, hardware manufacturers and other service providers, across time zones, in support of our 200+ and growing data center locations</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Warehousing providers, freight forwarders, importer of record partners, customs brokers and data center partners to plan and execute on the delivery of data center hardware</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Internal teams such as Data Center Engineering, Capacity Planning, Trade Compliance, Hardware Sourcing, and other functions</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<p><strong>**All experience levels will be considered. We value aptitude and passion above all else.**</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Post-secondary diploma or degree in a technical or business management field</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">A minimum of 2 years of experience working with global supply chains and logistics is necessary</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to be proactive with ability to learn fast and execute on multiple tasks simultaneously</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to recognize areas for improvements in operational processes in a rapidly changing environment</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Possess strong verbal and written communication skills, problem-solving skills, attention to detail, and interpersonal skills</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desirable, but not required:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience supporting data centers or other Networking/IT infrastructure</span></li>
	<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Multi-lingual, preferably in Spanish</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>