<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Austin, TX; Mexico City, MX; Lisbon, Portugal;&nbsp; London, UK</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>As Senior Director of Product Management, Data Security, you will guide product development through all stages of the product life cycle: identifying customer needs and developing, launching, and sustaining products, shaping the next generation of Cloudflare’s offerings. You will represent Cloudflare to customers, vendors, and partners, synthesizing information and communicating what you learn to internal stakeholders. You will build, maintain, and develop a world class team of product managers and leaders who deeply care about Cloudflare’s role in helping build a better Internet.</p>
<p>You will be responsible for defining the roadmap, driving the development, and ensuring the successful delivery of innovative data security capabilities that integrate seamlessly into Cloudflare One, Cloudflare’s SASE platform. This role demands a leader who understands the nuances of data protection, from regulatory compliance to practical implementation, and is ready to challenge conventional thinking with fresh, AI-driven approaches.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This position requires you to be a self-starter with the ability to take ownership, work with tight timelines, handle various tasks simultaneously while maintaining a positive attitude. You are able to have deep technical discussions with internal and external engineering stakeholders. You also have the soft skills necessary to navigate organizational dependencies and promote your team. In addition, great oral communication and written documentation skills are valuable for this role for promoting ideas throughout the company.</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<p>You will be responsible for defining the roadmap, driving the development, and ensuring the successful delivery of innovative data security capabilities that integrate seamlessly into Cloudflare One, Cloudflare’s SASE platform. This role demands a leader who understands the nuances of data protection, from regulatory compliance to practical implementation, and is ready to challenge conventional thinking with fresh, AI-driven approaches.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This position requires you to be a self-starter with the ability to take ownership, work with tight timelines, handle various tasks simultaneously while maintaining a positive attitude. You are able to have deep technical discussions with internal and external engineering stakeholders. You also have the soft skills necessary to navigate organizational dependencies and promote your team. In addition, great oral communication and written documentation skills are valuable for this role for promoting ideas throughout the company.</p>
<h4><strong>Responsibilities (Must Haves)</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li style="line-height: 2;">10+ years of experience in product management or a closely related role, with a focus on data security technologies (e.g., DLP, DSPM, CASB, data encryption, data classification, data privacy).</li>
	<li style="line-height: 2;">Owns the data security roadmap. Make tough tactical prioritization decisions while helping the company think long-term. Build trust with stakeholders by maintaining an understandable, accurate roadmap.</li>
	<li style="line-height: 2;">Partner with leaders in other departments such as Product Marketing, Marketing, Sales, and Customer Support to drive adoption with and gather feedback from customers and prospects</li>
	<li style="line-height: 2;">Develop and nurture relationships with engineering leadership and coordinate closely to ensure successful delivery of product</li>
	<li style="line-height: 2;">Deep understanding of the data security landscape, including current threats, regulatory requirements, and emerging technologies.</li>
	<li style="line-height: 2;">A strong passion for and a clear vision for how AI and Machine Learning can fundamentally transform data security solutions in the modern era</li>
	<li style="line-height: 2;">Exceptional empathy, curiosity, attention to detail, and problem solving abilities. Experience building and leading high-performing product teams.</li>
	<li style="line-height: 2;">Excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills, with the ability to articulate complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences</li>
	<li style="line-height: 2;">Strategic thinker with a hands-on approach, capable of driving initiatives from conception to launch. Able to be a player-coach as the situation arises: you are capable of wading into the details and understanding Engineering decisions’ impact on the product, but can also drive the 30k foot view.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Desirable Skills, Knowledge, and Experience:</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>Experience with large-scale distributed systems and cloud-native architectures.<br><br></li>
	<li>Familiarity with Zero Trust principles and architectures.<br><br></li>
	<li>Active participation in industry conferences, publications, or open-source projects related to data security or AI in security.<br><br></li>
	<li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical field; advanced degree (MBA, Master's) welcomed but not required</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>