<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Mexico City</strong></p>
<div id="main-content" class="wiki-content">
	<h2 id="ThreatEventAnalyst-AboutTheOrganization"><strong>About The Organization</strong></h2>
	<p>Cloudforce One is Cloudflare’s threat operations and research organization, responsible for identifying and disrupting cyber threats ranging from sophisticated cybercriminal activity to nation-state sponsored advanced persistent threats (APTs). Cloudforce One works in close partnership with external organizations and internal Cloudflare teams, continuously developing operational tradecraft and expanding ever-growing sources of threat intelligence to enable expedited threat hunting and remediation. Members of Cloudforce One are at the helm of leveraging an incredibly vast and varied set of data points that only one of the world’s largest global networks can provide. The organization is able to analyze these unique data points, at massive scale and efficiency, synthesizing findings into actionable threat intelligence to better protect our customers.</p>
	<h2 id="ThreatEventAnalyst-AboutTheRole"><strong>About The Role</strong></h2>
	<p>Cloudflare is a global system on a mission to make the internet better, safer, and more powerful every day. To help fulfill this mission, we are seeking a Threat Event Analyst to join us in growing our Cloudforce One Organization, where you will be instrumental in building a proactive and threat intelligence-driven approach to protecting Cloudflare and its customers from sophisticated global threat actors.&nbsp; This position is ideal for someone with a self-starter mentality, an investigative approach, and a passion for cybersecurity who thrives in a fast-paced environment where critical thinking and problem-solving are essential.</p>
	<p>As a Threat Event Analyst, you will monitor cyber threat activity, trends, and methodologies across multiple platforms, supporting both client intelligence needs and proactive internal research.&nbsp; You will be a key contributor in tracking and characterizing adversary Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs) across the cyber kill chain to protect our global customer base from ongoing and ever-evolving cyber threats. In this role, you will monitor and classify threat events, leveraging Cloudflare’s unique data sources and telemetry to map adversary activity to the MITRE ATT&amp;CK framework and enable actionable threat intelligence sharing with both internal and external stakeholders.</p>
	<p>Success in this role requires strong analytical skills, the ability to identify patterns and anomalies in large datasets, and a solid understanding of threat intelligence frameworks, network security, and adversary TTPs. You will be responsible for conducting independent technical investigations, escalating complex findings to various Cloudforce One teams, and collaborating with threat researchers, intelligence analysts, and engineers to improve threat detection, tracking, and classification.</p>
	<h3 id="ThreatEventAnalyst-ExamplesofDesirableSkills,Knowledge,andExperience"><strong>Examples of Desirable Skills, Knowledge, and Experience</strong></h3>
	<ul>
		<li>At least 2 years of direct experience in cybersecurity operations, threat analysis, or a related role (e.g., SOC, threat hunting, intelligence analysis) with a Bachelor’s degree (or 5+ years direct experience without a degree)</li>
		<li>Hands-on experience tracking, analyzing, and defending against cyber campaigns using Indicators of Compromise (IOCs)</li>
		<li>Proficiency in network and/or host-based intrusion analysis to identify and respond to threats</li>
		<li>Experience in one or more of the following areas: packet analysis, metadata analysis, or log correlation for threat detection</li>
		<li>Familiarity with threat intelligence frameworks such as MITRE ATT&amp;CK, Diamond Model, and the Cyber Kill Chain</li>
		<li>Experience working with security telemetry, logs, or threat intelligence platforms to support investigations and decision-making</li>
		<li>Ability to conduct in-depth analysis by correlating data from multiple sources to assess visibility into threat actor activity</li>
		<li>Experience in developing new detection methodologies, creating playbooks, and leveraging automation to enhance threat visibility</li>
		<li>Strong communication skills to effectively document challenges in event tracking and classification, supporting continuous improvement efforts</li>
		<li>Exceptional analytical and critical thinking skills with a keen attention to detail</li>
		<li>Proven ability to collaborate and work effectively in a globally distributed team environment</li>
	</ul>
	<h3 id="ThreatEventAnalyst-BonusPoints"><strong>Bonus Points</strong></h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Familiarity with specific threat actor groups, their operations and TTPs</li>
		<li>Certifications such as Security+, CEH, GIAC GCTI, GCIA, GCIH or similar cybersecurity credentials</li>
		<li>Experience with OSINT research and intelligence collection methodologies</li>
		<li>Prior work in a role requiring operational security (OPSEC) awareness and secure handling of sensitive information</li>
		<li>Working knowledge of SQL and devising SQL queries</li>
	</ul>
	<p>At Cloudflare, you'll be at the forefront of global cybersecurity—tracking advanced threats and helping to secure the internet at scale. If you're passionate about threat intelligence, working with cutting-edge data, and making a real impact, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
</div>
<div id="likes-and-labels-container">
	<div id="likes-section" class="no-print"></div>
</div>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>