<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Austin, TX or Lisbon, Portugal or London, UK</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Team: </strong></p>
<p>Technical Program Managers at Cloudflare are part of the Technical Program Management Office (PMO).&nbsp; We are data-driven, technical, process improvement experts who enjoy bringing people together to form an amazing team, and driving them towards successful delivery. We are passionate about technical program management and are the hubs bringing all of our departments.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is looking for a dynamic and passionate leader to join our Technical Program Management Office (PMO). This role will mainly support initiatives related to the Customer Support organization, with potential to take on additional, cross-departmental portfolio of programs. The ideal candidate will partner with the regional Customer Support leadership to define, scope, and measure strategic programs that will have a direct impact on the success of the Customer Support and other business impacting initiatives. They will be responsible for leading all major programs for their area, with emphasis on tooling, process improvement, customer satisfaction, and delivery quality.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate thrives in the gray. You are a master of context switching, capable of pivoting instantly from high-level strategic planning to urgent tactical problem-solving. You are process and data-driven, enjoy bringing people together to form an amazing team, and driving them towards successful delivery. You must also be an expert negotiator, comfortable in a fast-paced environment, and willing to pivot quickly as business needs change. You are passionate about technical program management and growing next generation leaders in this field.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Manage and mentor a team of Technical Program Managers (TPMs), fostering a culture of high performance and continuous improvement</li>
	<li>Collaborate with Customer Support leadership to define the strategic direction, vision, and roadmap of programs for their organization, acting as a trusted advisor to help navigate evolving business needs.</li>
	<li>Masterfully manage competing priorities and context switch seamlessly between projects, ensuring the team focuses on the most critical initiatives even as requirements change.</li>
	<li>Identify bottlenecks, areas for improvement and develop proposals that provide recommendations to drive change</li>
	<li>Turn recommendations into strategic initiatives to streamline operations and enhance productivity across multiple organizations&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Work with the AI PM to implement AI-powered automation and copilot solutions and AI-driven self-service for customers to solve their own product issues</li>
	<li>Ensure your team of TPMs follows the standard SDLC for Support Tooling, adhering to a consistent approach to requirements gathering, UAT, and deployment across the TPM team</li>
	<li>Work alongside Customer Support Regional leaders to design, align on, and deploy process change for global consistency in delivery, with a focus on customer satisfaction</li>
	<li>Define, monitor, and report on program impact, including key success metrics and KPI improvement</li>
	<li>Comfortable managing a team that spans multiple geographies and disciplines, and building out responsibilities&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>7–10+ years in Support Strategy, Technical Program Management, Business Operations, or Strategic Program Management roles in fast-paced B2B SaaS or enterprise tech companies, with at least 5+ years managing people</li>
	<li>7 - 10 years experience working with engineering or other technical teams, managing technical roadmaps and prioritizing against competing initiatives</li>
	<li>Track record of supporting global or large-scale Support organizations with strategy, program execution and leading cross functional initiatives</li>
	<li>Deep knowledge of Salesforce, BI Tools (Tableau, Power BI), Jira and Confluence</li>
	<li>Operational mindset with a strategic outlook — able to both zoom in and out</li>
	<li>Exceptional written and verbal communication; can simplify complexity into clear business narratives</li>
	<li>Comfortable navigating ambiguity and setting direction in evolving environments.</li>
	<li>Ability to thrive and be flexible in a fast-paced environment&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Experience supporting global teams and rolling out programs and change management&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Familiarity with Cloudflare Product sets or networking/security/cloud infrastructure domains</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>