<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Location -&nbsp;</strong>Austin, Texas</p>
<hr>
<p><strong>Sr. Product Marketing Manager, Network Services</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is looking for an experienced product marketer to join our network security product marketing team. This is a high-impact, results-oriented role, where you will work directly with Sales, Product Management, and Marketing to take new products to market and develop messaging and campaigns that drive customer acquisition and expansion.&nbsp;The network security portfolio consists of Magic Firewall, Magic WAN, Magic Transit, Argo and Spectrum. Successful candidates will have a passion for helping to build a better Internet by enabling organizations to improve their network connectivity and security. You will have a deep understanding of the market, customer use cases, and our solutions. You will have ownership and responsibility to drive pipeline and new ACV.&nbsp;This role reports into Network Services Product Marketing, with a dotted line to the Secure Access Service Edge team.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>Develop and execute go-to-market strategies for Cloudflare Magic WAN, with ownership of Network as a Service and Coffee Shop Networking.Create compelling messaging and positioning that differentiates Cloudflare's products in the market. Develop content and collateral for marketing campaigns, including whitepapers, case studies, datasheets, and presentations. Be responsible and accountable for your product’s success. Collaborate with the demand generation team to create and execute campaigns that drive leads and pipeline. Deliver and activate sales enablement, product training, sales tools, and competitive intelligence. Be informed about the market dynamics and competitive activity.Identify opportunities for product differentiation and growth.</p>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Bachelor's degree in marketing, business, or related field; MBA optional</li>
	<li>5+ years of experience in product marketing, ideally in enterprise networking, SD-WAN, SASE or SSE.Solid background in networking topics such as: Campus, Branch, Data Center network architecture, TCP/IP, OSI stack, MPLS, routing, VLANs, public cloud/private cloud, internet exchanges, and DNS.</li>
	<li>Good understanding of SaaS metrics, including ACV, ARR, and Net Retention.</li>
	<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to develop compelling messaging and content that connects with business or technical audiences.</li>
	<li>Strong project management skills with a track record of driving projects to completion.</li>
	<li>Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams, including product management, sales, and engineering.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>