<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Singapore or Sydney, Australia</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare's business pushes the boundaries of what the Internet can do, our customers expect no less, and we need a world-class commercial legal team to meet the needs of our business.&nbsp; Our team is composed of accomplished lawyers and staff who bring their unique expertise and backgrounds to a global team.&nbsp; Our work product may often be contracts but we understand that each contract defines the intangible and clarifies the possible.&nbsp; We believe that doing this with clarity creates strong and elegant agreements that can meet the needs of the business now and as Cloudflare continues to grow.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll be a key member of Cloudflare’s APAC commercial legal team.&nbsp; We are looking for a commercially savvy lawyer who can confidently navigate complex and high value transactions. You will collaborate and work cross-functionally with other internal groups, across the sales, deal desk, finance, privacy, product legal and security compliance teams and be a trusted advisor, accelerating deal velocity while protecting the company’s interests.&nbsp;This is a unique opportunity to thrive in a fast-paced environment where your legal expertise directly drives business growth. The position is based in Singapore or Sydney and frequent communication with our other offices will be required.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>LL.B. or JD degree with strong academic credentials.</li>
	<li>Admitted to practice law in Singapore, UK, US, Australia or Japan.</li>
	<li>At least 4 years relevant experience including a mix of law firm and in-house experience for a technology company (either on secondment or after leaving the law firm) with at least 2 years of experience working for an internationally recognized law firm.</li>
	<li>A demonstrated ability to learn new systems and tools, the better to adapt to AI tooling.</li>
	<li>Substantive experience with drafting, reviewing, and negotiating a variety of complex commercial agreements, including SaaS agreements and consulting services statements of work.</li>
	<li>Excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to communicate and draft fluently in English.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Resourceful self-starter with an eye for detail, excellent problem-solving capabilities, judgment, negotiation, communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills.</li>
	<li>Good strategic, business sense, and demonstrated negotiation skills with respect to legal issues.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>Proven ability to manage high-volume workloads, multiple stakeholder demands and ever-shifting priorities all while instilling confidence.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>Ability to identify and explain non-standard terms and associated risks to relevant business stakeholders and interpret contract requirements, obligations and risk exposure and advise on the same.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points:&nbsp; </strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
	<li>Fluency in Japanese or Mandarin Chinese.</li>
	<li>Solid understanding of local and international privacy and data protection laws.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Experience using administrative management systems such Salesforce, DocuSign, Ironclad and/or JIRA.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>