<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Locations -&nbsp;</strong>Austin or Remote US</p>
<hr>
<p><strong>About the department</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is looking to build and grow our data analytics/business intelligence team that will be responsible for building a large-scale enterprise modern data lake and EDW that combines massive petabyte scale traffic logs with data from various business systems supporting product, marketing, customer support, sales, finance etc. and enabling easier consumption of that data using tools to drive standard reporting, adhoc/exploratory analytics and advanced insights using data science models.</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>As part of this initiative, we are looking for a strong data analyst to come join Cloudflare and help us drive analytic insights and best practices at scale from the ground up. Success in this role comes from marrying a strong data background with acute product and business acumen to deliver highly strategic and compelling insights that accelerate our business growth and influence our product decisions within Cloudflare.&nbsp;</p>
<p>What we look for: Data analysis, Business Analysis, Storytelling, Strong Business &amp; Product Acumen, Cross-functional Collaboration, Creative Problem Solving, Agile</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>Fundamental understanding of the data landscape i.e tooling, tech stack, source systems etc. and work closely with the Data Engineering team to improve the data collection and quality.</li>
	<li>Understand business/product strategy and high-level roadmap and align analysis efforts to enable them with data insights and help achieve their strategic goals.</li>
	<li>Audience focused presentation and storytelling skills focused on key takeaways and recommendations in a crisp and concise manner.</li>
	<li>Ability to define and spot macro and micro levels trends with statistical significance on a regular basis and understand key drivers driving those trends.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering or related experience required.</li>
	<li>3+ years of data analyst experience with 1+ years of proven industry experience in a large scale environment(PBs scale, globally distributed teams).</li>
	<li>Proven results oriented analysis that helped support positive change in the business strategy.</li>
	<li>2+ years experience with a fast-growing SaaS business based company is preferred.</li>
	<li>Strong experience in Python, R, SQL, Tableau, Google Analytics, Hive and BigQuery (or any other Big data/Cloud equivalent) etc.</li>
	<li>Capable of working closely with business including but not limited to, Engineering, Sales, Marketing, and Product teams to ensure data initiatives are aligned with business needs and is of high quality.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>