<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
	</div>
</div>
<h2>Available Locations</h2>
<ul>
	<li>Austin, US</li>
</ul>
<h2>About the Role</h2>
<p>Our Solutions Engineers come from a wide range of backgrounds: engineering, software development, science, product management, business, finance, customer support &amp; project delivery. We're serious about building a diverse team. When hiring we look for diversity of background and experience combined with genuine curiosity for our technology.</p>
<p>Solutions Engineers are the technical customer advocates within Cloudflare. To aid our customers, we work closely with every team at Cloudflare, from Sales and Product to Engineering and Customer Support. Our goal of customer success drives us through the entire organization to seek out and create scalable solutions for our customer’s needs.</p>
<p><strong>Who are we looking for?</strong></p>
<p>The range of products and solutions offered by Cloudflare is broad so that we are able to meet our lofty goal of helping to build a better Internet. A broad knowledge of Internet performance, networking, and security technology is required. The curiosity to maintain and develop new knowledge is essential to keeping up with the high rate of product innovation at Cloudflare.</p>
<p>We are looking for <strong>curious and ambitious graduates</strong> who are eager to explore a career that combines technical acumen with the desire to help customers achieve their goals.</p>
<p>Ultimately, you are passionate about technology and have the ability to explain complex technical concepts in easy-to-understand terms. You are naturally curious, and an avid builder who is not afraid to be hands-on. You appreciate the diversity of challenges in working with customers and look forward to helping them realize the full promise of Cloudflare.</p>
<p><strong><em>All the resources and training required to be effective in this role will be provided.</em></strong></p>
<h2>Responsibilities</h2>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Immersion &amp; Training:</strong> Your journey begins with in-depth technical and functional skills training. You will dive deep into Cloudflare’s solutions, products, and underlying technologies to build a foundational "toolkit" for success.</li>
	<li><strong>Mentorship &amp; Shadowing:</strong> You will be paired with experienced Solutions Engineers, shadowing live customer engagements and internal strategy sessions to see firsthand how we solve complex technical challenges.</li>
	<li><strong>Hands-on Projects:</strong> Throughout the program, you will complete a series of learning assessments and practical projects, receiving direct guidance and feedback from your manager and peers. Projects could include assessing and improving internal/external collaboration processes and tools, and creative approaches to building compelling demo scenarios to showcase Cloudflare Technology.</li>
	<li><strong>Regional Hub experience:</strong> You will become an integral part of our <strong>Austin </strong><strong>hub</strong>, experiencing local life through our office culture, joining team outings, social activities, and networking events that make our regional offices unique.</li>
	<li>You can check out our <a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/internship-experience/">internship blogs</a> to learn more about our program and hear directly from our past interns.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Desirable Skills, Knowledge, and Experience</h2>
<ul>
	<li>Bachelor's or Master's degree in a technical, engineering, science, or other related analytical field.</li>
	<li>Graduate by December 2026 or recently graduated summer 2026.</li>
	<li>A good understanding of how the Internet works (DNS, HTTP, TLS, etc.). Knowledge of software development or application building is a major plus.</li>
	<li>Strong intellectual curiosity, a determination to learn, and excellent communication skills with the ability to present technical ideas clearly.</li>
	<li>Ability to commit to 6 month internship from July - December 2026.</li>
	<li>Required In office 3-5 days a week in Austin, TX</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>