<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4>About the department</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The GTM Finance team works closely with our Chief Revenue Officer, Chief Marketing Officer, Regional Sales leaders and Sales Operations team to build and finance Cloudflare’s go-to-market strategy and operations. We have a deep understanding of all aspects of Cloudflare’s go-to-market and play an important role in aligning goals, setting targets as well as bringing visibility and predictability to our top line financials. Members of the GTM Finance team possess excellent analytical, critical reasoning, interpersonal, communication, influencing and leadership skills and are passionate about both problem solving as well as building high quality repeatable processes that scale with our rapid growth. Our role extends beyond analyzing and reporting; we take pride in helping to design and implement solutions to the different challenges that can arise in our high growth environment.</span></p>
<h4>What you'll do</h4>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Serve as Finance business partner to Head of Americas Sales, Marketing and Sales Operations. Provide thought leadership and financial support to effectively and efficiently drive revenue growth and operating leverage in our long-term GTM coverage model</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with key stakeholders to set financial and operational goals. Define and standardize reporting, success metrics and KPIs to support decision making and drive operational rigor</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own the monthly and quarterly forecasting and reporting for bookings and churn in the region</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead strategic and financial planning processes including target setting, opex planning and headcount. Build the plan, track performance by segment and understand deviations to call the forecast</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Gain deep understanding of Cloudflare’s business performance including LTV/CAC in Cloudflare’s Americas business by country, segment, acquisition channel and product mix. Develop insights and analyses to understand trends and proactively identify areas of opportunity and risk. Own regional metrics across segments with view of direct and partner-influenced deals</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work cross functionally to ensure alignment of spend and resource deployment across Sales and Marketing. Take a data driven approach to assessing Sales and Marketing activities, with recommendations to enhance productivity, accelerate growth, and improve processes</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Provide support to sales and deal desk, as needed, to ensure financial and commercial optimization when negotiating strategic deals</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist with regional prioritization and decision making, including regional asset allocation</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support strong financial management and oversight of major contracts, working with accounting, procurement and others as needed&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Jump start our regional sales finance team. Over time, grow the team as needed to scale with the business</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">12+ years of global experience in sales finance, strategic finance or investment banking. High growth, public company SaaS experience preferred</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Finance constitution with strong operational focus to drive process and execution in a scalable and repeatable way</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Intellectually curious with problem solving orientation. Strong analytical capabilities and business acumen with ability to apply rigorous logic and sound methods to solve multi-faceted problems. Not satisfied with easy or convenient answers</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to build strong collaborative working relationships with business partners and executives. Seen as a trusted and objective advisor&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience aligning cross-functional stakeholders with demonstrated aptitude in working effectively within a matrixed team across multiple functional areas.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong verbal and written communication skills with proficiency in simplifying and distilling complex business information into consumable and actionable takeaways&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Willingness to play “up and down the stack” diving into the details as well as managing Executive level communications</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to deal effectively with ambiguity and thrive in an unstructured, fast-paced environment</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Expert financial modeling and analytical skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Advanced Excel and Google Slide (or Powerpoint) skills required</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proficiency with financial and GTM systems. Anaplan, RevPro, Netsuite, Tableau and Salesforce experience is a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">MBA or Masters preferred</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>