<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is looking for a Global Campaigns Manager to lead our Networks Services campaign for the Global Campaigns team. The individual has a track record of strategizing, executing, and optimizing data-driven demand generation campaigns to achieve marketing pipeline and revenue goals for the acquisition, expansion, and retention of customers.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will drive the go-to-market demand gen strategy for Cloudflare’s products within the Networks Services portfolio. This includes developing the ABM framework for the business, crafting the campaign content and messaging track alongside Product Marketing, partnering with paid media and lifecycle marketing teams, and aligning closely with regional marketers for channel execution in each market.</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own the strategy and implementation of integrated online campaigns through multiple channels (email, display, paid social, webinars, etc.) to drive pipeline and revenue targets for Cloudflare’s Networks Services product portfolio.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop campaign content and messaging for the customer journey, and determine the proper channels for deployment and A/B testing.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Establish target account segmentation for ABM programs based on ideal customer profile, top industries, purchase intent, and sales named accounts.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Enable regional marketing field teams with campaign kits, key campaign pillars and messaging, target audience segmentation for ABM programs, and marketing channel recommendations.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Track campaign budget and analyze reports to determine performance and ROI of digital marketing campaigns.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build and scale email nurture programs to push qualified leads further down the funnel for conversion.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with other campaign managers to develop processes and enhance workflows for marketing and sales collaboration.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Help evaluate and manage external vendors for account-based marketing efforts.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Must have 6-8+ years of proven experience in B2B marketing (enterprise software, SaaS, Security, etc.).</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep understanding of account based marketing and all digital marketing channels.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to “get inside the head” of our prospects,&nbsp; relate to their pain points, craft campaigns that resonate with them, and that they will want to engage with&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proficient with Salesforce, Marketo, HubSpot, Eloqua (or other marketing automation tools).</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Must be comfortable with reporting and communicating campaign efforts and impact across the organization.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Analytically inclined, exceptional organizational skills, with rigorous attention to detail.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent written and stellar presentation skills.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extreme curiosity.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiar with various marketing technology tools and vendors including RollWorks, Demandbase, 6sense, Bizible, PFL, Folloze, LiveRamp, G2, TrustRadius and more.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Prior demand generation experience in a high growth company in the SaaS, security, or network space, combined with knowledge of how the Internet works is a plus.</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>