<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h3><strong>About the Department</strong></h3>
<p>The Cloudflare Customer Support Team solves complicated problems and answers highly technical questions via phone, email, and chat. Whether it is a Wordpress blogger using our services for free or a global Enterprise business with petabytes of web traffic, we are always eager to assist. We are the eyes and ears of Cloudflare, acting as the real-time voice of the customer to help communicate their needs and real-world use cases back to the rest of the company - for better service and future product development.</p>
<h3><strong>What You’ll do</strong></h3>
<p>The Cloudflare Senior Director of Customer Support, EMEA is responsible for delivering a world-class support experience to our customers. This role will report to the VP of Customer Support and work closely with all members of Cloudflare's Support team. As an experienced support leader, you will set strategy, establish priorities, hire and mentor a group of top technical talent, and implement unparalleled support systems and processes to develop a world-class global support team.</p>
<p>We are looking for an enthusiastic and hands-on customer support and service executive who can rapidly learn the Cloudflare value proposition and work with customers of all sizes to make them successful on our service. In this role you will be the senior executive representing Customer Support in EMEA, both externally with customers and internally between various functions such as sales, solutions engineering, customer success, product and engineering.</p>
<p>You will oversee the fast-growing EMEA support team (mostly based in Lisbon &amp; London) providing strong leadership and a strategic vision to Support Managers and Technical Support Engineers. With you in place, we are able to provide 24x7 Follow-the-Sun Support by coordinating with counterparts in the AMER and APJC regions. You will recruit and train in the use of industry best practices, established methodologies and documented procedures, all to develop a superior team. As the regional leader, you will continually review operational performance to determine opportunities for improvement.</p>
<p>Responsibilities will include:</p>
<ul>
	<li><span class="im">Able to develop and articulate a strategic vision for providing the world’s best customer support within the region, taking into account geography, languages, and country-specific technical challenges.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li>Understands the operational aspects of running a lage, complex, fast-moving support team. This includes the entire lifecycle of a support issue, the various channels of engagement, understanding how issues are triaged based on impact and radius, being able to meet response SLAs, finding the shortest path to issue resolution, escalation handling when needed, and ultimately driving successful outcomes which result in high customer satisfaction.</li>
	<li><span class="im">Defining, tracking and reporting on key performance indicators to determine support effectiveness and efficiency. Create and present key support metrics to share with the company and executive team, and highlight any points of concern or areas of improvement.</span></li>
	<li><span class="im">Collaborate with the Product and Engineering teams to resolve complex technical issues, document product bugs and influence our product roadmap.</span></li>
	<li><span class="im">Act as a liaison between Engineering, Customer Support and Sales on technical issues affecting our customers.</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li>10-15 years experience managing and growing a technical support team</li>
	<li>Extensive experience managing a global support team</li>
	<li>Experience managing steady team growth, hiring, and training</li>
	<li>Experience with workforce management and scheduling software and process</li>
	<li>Exhibits conﬁdence and an extensive knowledge of emerging industry practices when solving technical and business problems.</li>
	<li>Communicates with internal and external customers and all levels of management.</li>
	<li>Eﬀectively communicates technical information to non-technical audiences.</li>
	<li>Delivers informative, well-organized presentations.</li>
	<li>Continually seeks opportunities to increase customer satisfaction and deepen customer relationships.</li>
	<li>Manages customer expectations and escalations eﬀectively.</li>
	<li>Experience in fostering broad usage of support forums and knowledge repositories.</li>
	<li>Excellent communication skills, including issue tracking, triaging and crisis management.</li>
	<li>B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent preferred</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>