<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Location: Singapore</strong></p>
<p><strong>What You Would Do Here:</strong></p>
<p>Our focus is getting the best people to work at Cloudflare and then allowing them to do their best work. We are looking for a passionate and detail-oriented People Experience Coordinator to join our team and champion this mission within the APJC region. In this vital role, you will be the first point of contact for our employees, ensuring their journey is smooth and positive. You will be instrumental in creating a seamless experience by resolving inquiries, managing data with precision, and ensuring our People processes are efficient and effective. This is an exciting opportunity to provide exceptional support to our internal teams and contribute to building a world-class employee experience as our organization expands.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Champion a seamless employee journey:</strong> Act as the first point of contact for employees across the diverse APJC region, providing guidance and support through key moments like onboarding, internal transfers, organizational changes and offboarding to ensure a positive and consistent experience.</li>
	<li><strong>Be a trusted guide for employee inquiries:</strong> Skillfully manage and resolve a wide range of questions from our people regarding HR policies, benefits, and payroll, ensuring every interaction is handled with empathy, accuracy, and a focus on providing a world-class service.</li>
	<li><strong>Elevate the employee experience through proactive support:</strong> Serve as a friendly liaison between employees and specialized teams like Payroll or Benefits, advocating for our people to resolve complex issues and ensuring their needs are met promptly and effectively.</li>
	<li><strong>Uphold the integrity of our people's information:</strong> Meticulously maintain employee data across our HR systems, ensuring the confidentiality and accuracy of sensitive information and contributing to a trustworthy People function.</li>
	<li><strong>Support key moments in the employee calendar:</strong> Assist with the coordination and processing of important regional People programs, such as annual performance and compensation cycles, benefits enrollment, and year-end Payroll preparation, making them easy to understand and navigate for our employees.</li>
	<li><strong>Enhance our support resources:</strong> Help create and maintain clear documentation and resources for employees and managers, empowering them to find answers to common questions quickly and easily.</li>
	<li><strong>Contribute to a culture of continuous improvement:</strong> Identify opportunities to enhance our processes and support models based on employee feedback and direct interactions, helping us build a better workplace experience across the APJC region.</li>
	<li><strong>Provide dedicated regional support:</strong> As you will be a key partner for our APJC-based employees, you will be expected to align with regional business hours to provide timely and effective support.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Skills/experience</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li>4+ years in HR administration and comfortable handling sensitive employee information.</li>
	<li>Highly organized, process-oriented, with a keen eye for detail.</li>
	<li>Enjoys working with data and is skilled using Excel or Google Sheets.</li>
	<li>Strong customer-first mindset and a genuine desire to support colleagues.</li>
	<li>Effective communicator, who can clearly explain information - verbally and in writing - to employees across the APJC region.</li>
	<li>Thrives in a dynamic environment and can skillfully manage changing priorities.</li>
	<li>Familiarity with Workday or ZenDesk would be an advantage.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>