<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Role:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are seeking an IT Product Manager, Finance &amp; Legal Systems to lead a variety of strategic systems initiatives within Cloudflare. This individual contributor role will serve as a “trusted advisor,” the strategic interface between Finance/Legal and IT/Enterprise Applications with the focus on business technology solutions discovery, product roadmap development, and functional relationship management. The IT Product Manager will be a technology functional expert on Legal Operations, Procure to Pay, Invoice to Cash, and Record to Report processes. This means that while the role will primarily be a partner to the Finance and Legal teams, it would also have to partner with other functions such as GTM Systems, HR Systems, and IT Infrastructure to ensure the end-to-end enterprise process operates effectively and cohesively.&nbsp; The IT Product Manager will proactively share knowledge of technology risks and opportunities to build competitive advantage and improve efficiency and effectiveness of business units. The candidate will partner with business leadership and other key stakeholders to define opportunities and identify and prioritize projects based on predefined criteria.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Department:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s IT Planning and Governance Team is a crucial pillar of the CIO Organization. It manages programs and initiatives across IT Infrastructure, Enterprise Systems, and Enterprise Engineering to enable Cloudflare internal teams to operate most efficiently. The team establishes end-to-end governance principles and frameworks, leads business partnering, drives program planning, execution and demand capacity management.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Operate as a primary point of contact for the Finance and Legal teams, representing IT and Enterprise Applications in promoting enterprise systems, services and capabilities.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Craft &amp; communicate the roadmap for Legal and Finance technologies in collaboration with your business stakeholders and ensure that it aligns with the overall company vision and growth objectives. Manage the challenging trade-offs.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Gather business requirements, and is able to translate to product requirements across the systems landscape for the key enterprise processes: Legal Operations, Procure to Pay, Invoice to Cash, and Record to Report,.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bring a strong knowledge of Finance and Legal technology capabilities to advise when existing system functionality can be leveraged/optimized vs. new tools or custom build options.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Provides consultation and support to Finance and Legal departments, including triaging of issues and systems enhancement requests raised by users.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Responsible for the collaborative development of system roadmaps.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partners with the above stakeholders to identify future system requirements and acts as an advocate during Annual Operating Plan activities.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborates with the IT Planning and Governance team on the intake process and prioritization of projects across the company.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Actively manage risks, communicate project updates including timelines, risks, changes, and dependencies.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge, and experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of previous Product Manager, Business Owner or Business Analyst experience specifically in the areas of Finance/Legal systems or related environments.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with financial applications (such as Netsuite, RevPro, Kyriba, Blackline, and Anaplan), procurement and contract management systems (such as Coupa, Certa, Ironclad), and/or legal compliance and billing systems highly preferred.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Functional understanding of Finance processes (Procure to Pay, Invoice to Cash, Record to Report) required; familiarity with Legal operations processes preferred.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in implementing technology to solve business problems required; experience with full-cycle ERP implementations highly preferred.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Business knowledge of finance functions, principles, and cycles.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent communication skills with an ability to work at all levels of the organization.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to understand complex product functionality, design and technical issues, in order to drive the right priorities, trade-offs, and resolutions.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Prior experience in Agile/sprint development workflows preferred.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Prior experience partnering with stakeholders across multiple time zones/continents preferred.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrated ability to communicate clearly to technical and non-technical audiences, and program manage multiple organizational interfaces and stakeholders.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Prior experience working in a role within a Finance or Legal team is a plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Independent self-starter with history of accountability of project timeline and results.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Highly organized and able to juggle many tasks without losing sight of the highest priority items.</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>