<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4>About the department</h4>
<p>Cloudflare’s Enterprise Applications Team builds and runs our enterprise systems that enable Cloudflare internal teams to operate efficiently and enable our customers and partners to do business with us. Enterprise Applications Team is part of the CIO organization.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Within the Enterprise Applications Team is a Go-To-Market team whose main responsibility is to manage our Salesforce platform (Marketing, Sales, Service/Success) in addition to other platforms that support our CRM functional areas.&nbsp;</p>
<h4>What you'll do</h4>
<p>As a Sr Business Systems Analyst, you are expected to be an advanced professional in the systems &amp; process design and implementation space with strong Service/Success business process knowledge. The Business Systems Analyst will elicit, understand, and document the internal customer's business requirements, processes and workflows developing both written and visual depictions of requirements and process flows. You will also work with developers to create the functional specifications that meet those requirements, serve as a subject matter expert to the developers building those functions, and test the developed functionality. This role works closely with other Business SMEs, Developers, and Production Support through each stage of the software development lifecycle and also demonstrates both existing and new functionality to the customer stakeholders.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This job requires an experienced analyst who can partner effectively with all levels of the organization, lead others, drive results, proactively identify and resolve problems, and make challenging decisions.&nbsp; You will also be responsible for recommending and instituting business analysis best practices, tools and methodology towards standardization of BA deliverables and procedures.</p>
<p>This is a senior individual contributor role; as a trusted advisor to the team, you will apply your technical expertise to the realization of meaningful business process improvements across the enterprise, and you must be confident in your ability to do so. You will lead discovery and analysis sessions with stakeholders and help business teams derive unambiguous business rules and requirements that can be translated into actionable specifications for development teams. You will be responsible for partnering with application developers, business stakeholders and application administrators. A team player with a collaborative mindset is essential.</p>
<ul>
	<li>Primary Business Systems liaison to the Customer success, Support, and product teams acting as the consultative partner to providing timely remediation, support, and strategic mentorship to ensure business objectives are met</li>
	<li>Responsible for end to end solution design and delivery – from requirements gathering, testing, through deployment – to ensure effective business system tools design and implementation</li>
	<li>Provide incident management support for key business applications and coordinate support with our vendors and key partners in internal groups. Partner with Support/Success Product manager to develop Support/Success Systems roadmap – short term to 12+ months</li>
	<li>Serve as main point of contact and project coordinator for Business Applications, Process and corresponding enhancements</li>
	<li>Manage multiple competing priorities through effective organization and communication</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Bachelor's Degree or higher in technology-related field or relevant experience in implementing Business systems</li>
	<li>5+ years of experience in implementations and ongoing operations of a Salesforce org in a Business systems analyst role</li>
	<li>An understanding of Post Sales Service/Success business processes&nbsp;</li>
	<li>5+ years of experience working with business applications (Salesforce Service Cloud, Chat, knowledge base, Survey tools)</li>
	<li>Extraordinary problem solver with the ability to cross between detailed data and high-level insights.</li>
	<li>Ability to communicate effectively cross functionally with both executive management and end users.</li>
	<li>Experience in building strong working relationships with business partners, application users, project managers, internal IT team, external application consultants</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>Demonstrated ability to deliver on Salesforce project requirements and lead operations support, by working with development, integration and admin team.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Experience implementing and managing large Salesforce projects such as transitioning to Salesforce Lightning, implementation of Service Cloud, variety of different support channels and case routing rules</li>
	<li>Experience with sensitive data and creating systems that meet the security and compliance needs that come with the management/ownership of sensitive data</li>
	<li>Highly organized, results-driven, with exceptional attention to detail with great end-to-end program management</li>
	<li>Has expertise in developing and preparing use cases, functional specifications, and technical requirements</li>
	<li>Ability to understand and represent the needs of the end user in a software development environment</li>
	<li>Experienced in implementing and sustaining best of breed SaaS applications implementations in an enterprise environment</li>
	<li>Strong consultative and advisory skills</li>
	<li>Excellent written and verbal communications</li>
	<li>Experienced in working with both internal and system integrator teams for development</li>
	<li>Experience with Jira and Google Suite</li>
	<li>Experience in supporting internal and external auditors with SOX ITGC, SOD</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>