<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations:&nbsp;</strong>Remote - US (except for SF Bay Area)</p>
<h4><strong>About our team</strong></h4>
<p>The Product Experience team is a diverse group of creative people that love to learn, collaborate, solve large-scale problems, and grow together. We're looking for a curious, user-focused, and action-oriented Senior Product Designer that is driven to design the best product experiences for the Developer Platform.</p>
<p>The Developer Platform is a part of the Emerging Technologies &amp; Incubation (ETI) organization where new and bold products are built and released within Cloudflare. Rather than being constrained by the structures which make Cloudflare a massively successful business, we are able to leverage them to deliver entirely new tools and products to our customers.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your impact</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Product Designer, you will work closely with other designers, engineers, product managers, and stakeholders to drive the best end-to-end experiences for developers. Your work will impact the developer experiences of a growing platform of products including Cloudflare Pages, Workers, R2, Databases, Media, AI, and more. While this is not a managerial role with direct reports, we expect our Senior Product Designers to lead by example and coach the team into doing their best work.</p>
<p>If you're a systems-thinking Senior Product Designer who's excited to work on significant, meaningful, and complex problems with real-world impact, come help us make the Internet better! We'd love to hear from you.</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>Demonstrate talent and passion for designing end-to-end developer experiences.</li>
	<li>Distill complex problems into approachable steps through researching, sketching, and sharing ideas with your cross-functional team.</li>
	<li>Partner with product managers and engineering leaders to work through technical tradeoffs that affect product roadmaps.</li>
	<li>Partner with other designers on the developer platform design team to collaborate on shared patterns, product vision, and design goals.</li>
	<li>Facilitate workshops, kick-offs, and design reviews with cross-functional teams.</li>
	<li>Share what you learn internally and with the broader public designer, developer, and technology communities.</li>
	<li>Influence and contribute to the internal design process and team culture, supporting the team's current and long-term objectives.</li>
	<li>Drive the adoption of new design tools and methodologies to enhance team efficiency and product design.</li>
	<li>Make time to mentor other designers on the team and share your craft, learning as you teach.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Find ways to grow design's impact within the organization, spending time to share design decisions throughout the organization that would benefit other teams and product areas.</strong></p>
<h4><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge, and experience</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>A deep commitment to human-centered design principles.</li>
	<li>8+ years working in professional UX, interaction design, or product design roles.</li>
	<li>Excellent visual, written, and verbal communication skills.</li>
	<li>Technical expertise and an understanding of designing for developer workflows.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Bonus points</strong><strong><br></strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>Experience writing code and using developer tools and services</li>
</ul>
<p>We encourage applicants to apply for the job, and we are committed to evaluating each candidate's experience to determine the most appropriate level and title for their qualifications</p>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong></p>
<p>Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.</p>
<ul>
	<li>For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of $192<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:214000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">,000 </span>- $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:262000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14589,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">234,000</span>.</li>
	<li>For New York City, Washington, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of $214<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:239000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">,000 </span>- $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:293000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14589,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">262,000</span>.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Equity</strong></p>
<p>This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.&nbsp; Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!&nbsp; The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.</p>
<p><strong>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Medical/Rx Insurance</li>
	<li>Dental Insurance</li>
	<li>Vision Insurance</li>
	<li>Flexible Spending Accounts</li>
	<li>Commuter Spending Accounts</li>
	<li>Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits</li>
	<li>On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program</li>
	<li>Global Travel Medical Insurance</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Financial Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Short and Long Term Disability Insurance</li>
	<li>Life &amp; Accident Insurance</li>
	<li>401(k) Retirement Savings Plan</li>
	<li>Employee Stock Participation Plan</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Time Off</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave</li>
	<li>Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>