<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Austin, Lisbon, London</strong></p>
<p><strong>Hiring will be focused on those residing within the greater Austin, TX, London, UK, &amp; Lisbon, Portugal metro areas. It will be a hybrid role, with the expectation of 2 days per week in the office.</strong></p>
<p><strong>We're hiring Software Engineers at all levels. This is a single pipeline position.</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>The Magic Cloud Networking team builds an orchestration framework that empowers customers to take public cloud resources (e.g., AWS / Azure / GCP) and securely connect them to Cloudflare’s global data-center footprint. Working with public cloud networking resources provides unique challenges—each cloud models networking very differently, customers can modify resources out-of-band of our orchestration system (“shadow IT operations”), resources can fail in opaque and varied ways outside of our control, etc.. To solve these issues, our orchestration platform must be resilient and scalable, while also affording flexibility to the unique constraints of each cloud. Powering this orchestration framework are a set of Go and Rust-based microservices running in our core data-centers, leveraging Cloudflare’s infrastructure excellence.</p>
<p>We are a team of engineers who obsess over building reliable services which leverage Cloudflare’s unique architecture and global network footprint.</p>
<p>You can read more about what we work on here:</p>
<ul>
	<li><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-magic-cloud-networking">https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-magic-cloud-networking</a></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>As a software engineer on the Magic Cloud Networking team, you will contribute to features that shape Cloudflare One’s use of multi-cloud networking. You will build solutions that improve performance, scalability, manageability, and security of customer cloud footprints as well as connect them to our global network. This work requires close collaboration with other teams while leveraging frameworks and libraries that power many Cloudflare products. Our technology stack includes Go, Rust, OpenTofu, Public Clouds (e.g., AWS / Azure / GCP), Kubernetes, Docker, and Prometheus. We're looking for determined, curious, empathetic engineers to join our team!</p>
<p><strong>Desirable skills, knowledge, and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Programming experience in Go or Rust</li>
	<li>Familiarity with Layer 3 and Layer 4 networking; i.e, VPCs, transit gateways, BGP and GRE tunnels</li>
	<li>Familiarity with network engineering and protocols used in data center switching and routing as well as Internet routing - BGP, BFP, OSPF, MPLS, etc</li>
	<li>Experience building network orchestration platforms</li>
	<li>Experience designing and integrating RESTful APIs and backend systems</li>
	<li>Attention to detail and ability to solve complex customer problems</li>
	<li>Own solutions end-to-end and driving the design, development, and deployment process</li>
	<li>Able to work across teams and create common, sustainable solutions</li>
	<li>Creative, open-minded, collaborative problem solver</li>
	<li>Focus on clarity in written and verbal communication</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>