<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Austin, TX</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Cloudflare One is our SASE platform that is redefining how the world’s most sophisticated organizations secure and connect their global workforce. By unifying Zero Trust Network Access (ZTNA), Secure Web Gateway (SWG), Wide Area Network (WAN) and Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB) as well as Email Security into a single, seamless SASE architecture, we are moving the industry beyond the legacy "castle-and-moat" era.</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<p>We are looking for a product leader to lead the Cloudflare One portfolio. You are not someone to simply manage a steady ship; you are someone to invent the next generation of Access, Gateway, and WAN, unlocking new Total Addressable Markets (TAM) in the SASE space while executing your way into being the market leader for the current Service Addressable Market (SAM). You will operate as a ‘General Manager’ of your domain, equally formidable across Product, Engineering, Sales, and Strategy. You are deeply empathetic and entrepreneurial minded, translating market signals into a strategic, evolving organization.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In this role, you will provide the vision and leadership to redefine how Cloudflare engages CIO’s and CISO’s to protect the data, devices, employees and networks that power their business - from teams of 50 to the Fortune 50. You will also act as a key evangelist and storyteller, articulating a compelling and optimistic vision for the future of development on Cloudflare while cultivating a passionate, hard-working, and collaborative culture, inspiring your team to overcome challenges and innovate.</p>
<h4><strong>Desirable Skills, Knowledge, and Experience:</strong></h4>
<p>We are looking for a leader who is more of a founder than a manager.<strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>A deep empathy for customers and an understanding of the fundamental shifts happening in technology, the SSE and SASE space, especially around AI</li>
	<li>Proven experience in a senior leadership role (e.g., former founder, Sr. Director, VP, CTO), having built and scaled both products and teams.</li>
	<li>An entrepreneurial spirit with enterprise etiquette and a history of building things, whether in a successful venture or a passionate side project</li>
	<li>Proven ability to pivot instantly from technical deep-dives to high-level strategic discussions. You have a track record of partnering with Sales to close Fortune 50 CIOs and presenting complex roadmaps to the Board of Directors with confidence</li>
	<li>Exceptional storytelling ability with the passion and excitement to inspire internal teams, new customers, analysis and everyone in between</li>
	<li>The ability to thrive in an autonomous environment, comfortable with ambiguity and defining your own path forward for the product and the team</li>
	<li>A genuine optimism yet realistic view of things with resilience to navigate challenges and lead with a can-do attitude on all stages</li>
	<li>You can synthesize complex information for diverse audiences - from the code-level details for developers to the ROI analysis for enterprise buyers.</li>
</ul>
<h4>Must-Have Skills</h4>
<ul>
	<li>12+ years of experience in product management or a closely related role, with a focus on network and data security technologies (e.g., ZTNA, Gateways, DLP, CASB, data encryption, data classification, data privacy).</li>
	<li>Own the SASE product roadmap. Make tough tactical prioritization decisions while helping the company think long-term. Build trust with stakeholders by maintaining an understandable, accurate roadmap.</li>
	<li>Partner with leaders in other departments such as Product Marketing, Marketing, Sales, and Customer Support to drive adoption with and gather feedback from customers and prospects.</li>
	<li>Develop and nurture relationships with engineering leadership and coordinate closely to ensure successful delivery of product</li>
	<li>Deep understanding of the network and security landscapes, including current trends and threats, regulatory requirements, and emerging technologies.</li>
	<li>A strong passion for and a clear vision for how AI and Machine Learning can fundamentally transform current SASE solutions in the modern era and in the future</li>
</ul>
<h4>Nice to haves</h4>
<ul>
	<li>An understanding and real-world experience working with all types of channel partners (VARs, MSP, MSSP, etc)</li>
	<li>A Computer Science degree or equivalent in-seat experience in product roles for technical products is highly preferred.</li>
	<li>Experience leading product integrations during post-merger acquisitions (M&amp;A).</li>
	<li>Deep familiarity with Zero Trust architecture and SD-WAN markets.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>