<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About Cloudflare TV&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As an extension of Cloudflare’s mission to help build a better Internet, Cloudflare TV is an emerging content network that strives to be the trusted global destination showcasing the world’s best technologists in conversation. Cloudflare TV aims to educate, experiment, and lead the conversation about technology and the Internet with curiosity, transparency and a sense of humor. In over 1,500 episodes to date, Cloudflare TV has featured key members of the internal Cloudflare team and hosted hundreds of influential leaders from the tech industry and beyond.</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare TV is seeking a Lisbon based Producer/Editor to manage the production of engaging visual and audio content and support broadcast operations. This role will assist in producing and editing video and audio content, social media content and posting, podcasts and additional creative content that will have a visible and measurable impact on our business and brand.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Producer/Editor will have a background in video and audio production, producing creative content, a keen understanding of storytelling and editing, and experience managing the production process from development to distribution.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The role requires a combination of technical skills, creativity, attention to detail, and collaboration with other team members to deliver high-quality content that engages our audience and aligns with our brand objectives.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Produce and edit original content including - video (long and short form, social media content/clips) and audio (voiceover, narrative, podcasts).&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Edit, mix and enhance raw video files and audio recordings to create and produce polished, high-quality final shows, episodes and projects.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Incorporate graphics, effects, music, and other creative elements to enhance the production value of the content.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support on-air broadcast operations with uploading assets, booking and scheduling shows, managing internal and external guest confirmations.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Facilitate and direct remote recordings.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist with repurposing of Video On Demand content.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Act as a producer on-call for live shows scheduled during EMEA hours.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assist with Cloudflare TV studios coordination as needed.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Conduct on location filming and audio recording as needed.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with the brand marketing team to ensure brand consistency and messaging.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensure timely delivery of projects.&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About You </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">3+ years of experience producing (video and audio content), editing, film production, audio engineering, and/or a related field.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proficient in video and audio production and editing software (ex: Adobe Premiere, Final Cut Pro, Pro Tools, Audacity)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Technical skills in operating video and audio equipment, audio engineering and recording techniques.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with Zoom, Google Workplace, and YouTube channels a bonus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A passion for video, audio, podcasting and an understanding of the industry a plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong organizational, communication and project management skills.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Samples of previous projects that demonstrate technical skills and creativity in producing content.</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>