<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About The Team</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Page Shield is a client side security product that aims to detect malicious behaviour and compromises that affect the browser environment directly, such as those that exploit vulnerabilities in third party JavaScript libraries. We use </span><strong>CSP</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> (Content Security Policy) to leverage and report what resources are loaded by the client. One of our biggest challenges is designing a system that can scale our existing software to meet the challenges of a massively growing customer traffic.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><br><br></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for an Engineering Manager to join our team. You will be working in the security portfolio, leading a team of passionate, talented engineers that are building innovative products on the client security domain. You will make sure our company hits our ambitious goals from an engineering standpoint.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We announced Page Shield in March 2021 and we made it globally available in December of that same year. Since then, the project has played a major role in providing </span><strong>visibility</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to customers about resources loaded by the browsers accessing their page. As with many security products, we can think of Page Shield providing </span><strong>visibility</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, </span><strong>detection</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, </span><strong>mitigation</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and </span><strong>prevention</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">After securing the first visibility step, we are moving forward and focusing on detection, mitigation and prevention. As an example, the last major feature we released, </span><strong>positive blocking policies</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, provides the ability to enforce client browsers to load and execute JavaScript libraries only from a pre-approved list of allowed resources implementing a positive security model, by leveraging our position in the network stack as a reverse proxy.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In this role, you will manage and lead those projects, you will be expected to continue implementing new feature requests and you will be helping to define and build the future of Page Shield.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience leading a team, including hiring, onboarding and mentoring.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Effective communication skills, verbal and written</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Empathetic, with emotional intelligence and proactive</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Very solid software engineering or computer science skills. With a focus on software design</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience building APIs</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with distributed event streaming platforms such as Apache Kafka</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Comfortable in a fast pace environment</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Willingness, curiosity, and enthusiasm to learn new technologies and systems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven experience in running high performance and enterprise scale services at pace and at scale whilst maintaining operational stability</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience of working with Product teams</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A strong grasp of security issues and a very solid understanding of HTTP</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to grow and develop people through mentoring and effective feedback</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>