<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: <span class="il">Bengaluru</span></strong></p>
<p><strong>About The Role&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is seeking a highly skilled and self-motivated Technical Program Manager to lead and manage various company-wide initiatives and projects spanning multiple quarters and teams within Infrastructure Engineering.&nbsp; Your main responsibility will be to work cross functionally across product, engineering, security, technical operations, and more to build and execute on the overall strategy.</p>
<p>You will play an active part in collecting requirements, setting up deliverables, reporting progress, managing stakeholder expectations, and working with various functions to deliver success. You will partner with various product and engineering counterparts to determine available options, manage stakeholder expectations, and execute against the roadmap.</p>
<p>This job involves managing multiple stakeholders and accommodating teams dispersed across multiple time zones.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate is process driven but remains flexible and iterative, someone who loves to tackle new challenges, really enjoys bringing people together as a team, and driving them towards success.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Possess a working knowledge of data center infrastructure components like servers, storage, networking, connectivities, and their interdependencies to identify technical risks and potential roadblocks for InfOps programs.</li>
	<li>Work with stakeholders to align on inputs for Network and Compute Hardware validation cycles, which includes alignment of deliverables.</li>
	<li>Develop reports and dashboards for tracking of all InfOps delivery KPIs</li>
	<li>Ability to communicate effectively to all members of teams, programs and senior leadership.&nbsp; Ability to collaborate<strong> </strong>and work effectively with cross-functional teams.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Provide clear documentation for infrastructure deliverables (including status reports), processes, and project plans, and provide regular status updates to stakeholders and executives</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience.</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>BS+ in Computer Science, Information Technology, Information Security or related field or equivalent experience&nbsp;</li>
	<li>5+ years experience in technical program management and a desire for continuous improvement</li>
	<li>Proven track record on creating realistic project plans, managing dependencies, and overseeing execution to meet commitments and deliver with predictability</li>
	<li>Excellent oral and written communication, proven track record of effective communication at various levels including executive level</li>
	<li>Experience working with multiple time zones and multiple cross functional teams</li>
	<li>Strong competency with Excel/Google Sheet, Smartsheet, Confluence, JIRA, and various development methodologies (Agile, Waterfall, Kaizen, Scrum, etc)&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Servant leader who has successfully gained authority with peers by demonstrating empathy, providing support and motivating others</li>
	<li>Comfortable managing tight deadlines, changing priorities, and ambiguity</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>