<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4>About the department</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides cutting edge security and performance services to a significant portion of the Internet, which can sometimes make it a target for litigation. We’re looking for a Litigation Counsel to join our team that is responsible for responding to the diverse array of litigation matters and legal requests Cloudflare encounters.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As Litigation Counsel, you will be Cloudflare’s point person on all things litigation. You’ll be responsible for working with our internal legal team, external counsel, and stakeholders across the company to handle ongoing lawsuits, respond to litigation threats, and assist in broader legal strategy. The ideal candidate has the passion to keep pace with a fast moving docket, the curiosity to dive deep into evolving technology and Internet law, and the initiative to help scale our litigation function alongside a fast growing company.&nbsp;</span></p>
<h4>What you'll do</h4>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Formulate and implement litigation strategies relating to emerging litigation areas;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Evaluate and respond to litigation threats and legal matters;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Select, onboard, and manage outside counsel on all aspects of litigation (including discovery, depositions, motions, trial prep, etc.)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with our paralegal and Legal Operations team to improve and implement processes related to litigation holds, case management, billings and budget management, and factual investigations and record collection; and</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Communicate with business leaders across the company about ongoing litigation matters, and provide training and resources to address future litigation risks.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">JD degree with strong academic credentials and admitted to practice law in at least one U.S. jurisdiction.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of law firm, government, or in-house experience (preferably with technology companies).&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong communication skills and cooperative team player. Lead with empathy and understanding while embracing diverse points of view. Flexibility to adapt and thrive in a fast paced environment.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work cross-functionally, with lawyers and non-lawyers, to establish principled, thoughtful, and effective solutions efficiently and in an amenable manner.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to organize, prioritize, and manage many tasks on complex projects.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An ambitious mindset that enables you to successfully work independently and autonomously with limited guidance, but also to use good judgment and call out issues when needed.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>