<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: <span class="il">Bengaluru</span></strong></p>
<p><strong>About the department</strong></p>
<p>The Self-Serve Team is responsible for Cloudflare’s PLG business that serves 8M+ customers across 20% of the internet. Our team is responsible for growth marketing, product growth, and growth insights with the goal of building a world class experience for our self-serve customers across all product categories including Application Services, Cloudflare One and Developer Platform, and all Plans such as Free, Pro, Business &amp; Enterprise. We work to grow the business by understanding our customers’ needs at every stage of their journey from Awareness to Activation to Expansion and Retention.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You may have heard of the cliche that teams call themselves a “startup within a startup”. Except that the self-serve engineering team is fairly young at Cloudflare with established ROI. You will be the founding data engineer for the team.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>This is a highly autonomous role that enables the self-serve team to personalize user journeys through precise targeting.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Think of a user that clicked X, visited Y, and purchased Z. We want to predict what they want to do next and then offer that next product in a live product A/B test to improve conversions. If you have worked with tools such as Posthog, Amplitude, Heap, or better yet, have built something similar, we want to hear from you. Our primary use-case is to capture and process thousands of user events in a native architecture and then serve it to internal audiences - both for productional use-cases and for internal reporting.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>You must be comfortable with setting up data lakes, understanding A/B testing architectures, and building the cloud tools that you may have otherwise used in the past. Because Cloudflare is the cloud that we sell to our developers.</li>
	<li>As the founding data engineer, you will have the opportunity to pick an existing data architecture to build upon, build a new one from scratch, or choose a hybrid approach. You tell us what the best system looks like. You will learn about the many data tools and architectures that are being used across the company - traditional databases, modern architectures to manage 20% of the internet traffic, BI summaries, real-user monitoring offered to our customers.</li>
	<li>Bonus points if you have done this to scale a startup.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>BA/BS, MS preferred in Computer Science, must have worked within marketing data tracking and backend architecture for 4+ years.</li>
	<li>1+ years building realtime data capturing architecture from various user events - marketing websites, Google Analytics, Kibana, Amplitude, UI events, backend events and stitch them together for advanced analytics and personalization systems</li>
	<li>1+ year of demonstrable experience with marketing attribution system and tag management</li>
	<li>Experience building/expanding analytics systems at lakehouse scale, ideally with OSS systems - Apache Iceberg, Clickhouse, or similar</li>
	<li>Data modeling using different methods (dimensional data modeling, ER modeling, etc)</li>
	<li>Experience implementing quality measurement processes</li>
	<li>Familiarity with batch-style OSS ELT/ETL system (dbt/airflow/etc) and experience managing them</li>
	<li>Familiarity with global data privacy requirements governed by laws like GDPR/CCPA/etc and how it affects data capture, modeling and analysis</li>
	<li>Solid understanding of RESTful APIs and service security</li>
	<li>Working knowledge of SQL and relational databases such as PostgreSQL or MySQL</li>
	<li>Experience implementing secure and highly-available distributed systems/microservices</li>
	<li>Familiarity with event driven architecture</li>
	<li>Experience with API tooling and standards (Swagger/OpenAPI, OAuth/JWT)</li>
	<li>Strong interpersonal and communication skills with a bias towards action</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>