<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are seeking a Head of IT Business Partner Management, GTM Systems (Go to Market) to lead a variety of strategic systems initiatives within Cloudflare. We are looking for a senior leader to join our IT Planning &amp; Governance organization and create the vision, strategy and roadmap for our GTM Platforms. This includes building a strong team from the ground up and collaborating closely with cross functional teams including other leaders in IT, global sales, enterprise engineering, enterprise applications business intelligence, and business operations.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Head of IT Business Partner Management, GTM will serve as a “trusted advisor”, the strategic interface between Sales and IT &amp; Enterprise Engineering with the focus on business technology strategy development, solutions discovery, risk and service management. The Head of IT Business Partner Management, GTM systems will be the main technology functional expert on the Market to Sell (MTS), Quote to Cash (QTC) Enterprise Process, having a holistic view of the end-to-end process from a systems of view. This means that while the role will primarily be a partner to the GTM team, it would also have to partner with other functions, like finance, security, and legal to ensure the overall enterprise process operates effectively and cohesively.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Department:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s IT + Enterprise Engineering, Planning and Governance Team is a crucial pillar of the CIO Organization. It manages programs and initiatives across IT Infrastructure, Enterprise Systems, and Enterprise Engineering to enable Cloudflare internal teams to operate most efficiently. The team establishes end-to-end governance principles and frameworks, leads IT Product Management, drives program planning, execution and demand capacity management.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Builds an IT Product team for GTM systems that operates as the main point of contact for Go to Market (GTM), representing IT and Enterprise Engineering in promoting enterprise systems, services and capabilities.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Serves as the primary escalation path for the GTM leadership, enabling the sales team to achieve their business objectives through the effective and efficient use of system technology.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partners with leadership in enterprise engineering, enterprise application, sales, marketing, customer support, customer success, GTM operations, and business intelligence to identify improvement opportunities.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Influences and manages stakeholders and communicates progress and evolving strategy through regular presentations to executives and internal customers.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Jointly defines the vision and multi-year roadmap for the MTS and QTC systems landscape, facilitates decision making relating to trade-offs with and between systems in alignment with company goals, ensuring that the solution is not siloed and integrated with overall IT system roadmaps.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Leads PRD development for top tier GTM system programs: gathers business requirements and is able to translate to technical requirements across the systems landscape for the GTM key processes: Idea to Offering (ITO), Market to Sell (MTS), Quote to Cash (QTC), etc.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborates with the IT Planning and Governance team on the intake process and prioritization of programs across the company, leading the GTM system portfolio management (program execution managed by dedicated TPMs), including build versus buy frameworks and decisions when applicable.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge, and experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Degree in a related field such as information systems, software engineering, or computer science, or equivalent experience.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">10+ years of prior relevant experience with technology alliance and sales operations, services and business processes, building GTM technology roadmaps, software development and enterprise platform implementation for global SaaS organizations</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">7+ years of experience in a hiring, directly managing, and building teams of experienced IT product managers</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A strategic leader with a customer first attitude, proven ability to connect dots and influence strategic thinking, with a resourcefulness in working through and with others.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Complex knowledge and deep understanding of sales functions, cycles, sales operations, and go to market business processes, and implementing technology to solve business problems.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with applications like Salesforce, Gainsight, BoostUp, GTM and Customer Success tools is a plus.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrated ability to communicate clearly and effectively to technical and non-technical audiences in a global fragmented environment.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong sense of urgency, ability to juggle many tasks without losing sight of the highest priority items in a fast-paced and ambiguous environment.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">The ideal candidate will possess a combination of practical technology and business process experience, exceptional relationship building skills, and a solution-oriented mindset.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location. For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:161000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">161,000</span> - $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:197000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14589,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">197,000</span>.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equity</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</span></p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.&nbsp; Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!&nbsp; The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.</span></p>
<p><strong>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Medical/Rx Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Dental Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Vision Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Flexible Spending Accounts</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Commuter Spending Accounts</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Global Travel Medical Insurance</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Financial Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Short and Long Term Disability Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Life &amp; Accident Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">401(k) Retirement Savings Plan</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee Stock Participation Plan</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Time Off</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>