<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Austin, TX</strong></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is looking for a Director, Internal Communications to join our team and lead our internal communications strategy and initiatives. This is an exciting role for someone ready to take Cloudflare’s global internal communications program to the next level and make a real impact across the organization.</p>
<p>This role will be responsible for developing and executing a world-class internal communications strategy that aligns with company priorities and key moments in time. This person will play a critical role in delivering thoughtful, timely, and consistent communications across a variety of internal channels—ensuring employees around the world stay connected to our mission and culture. This is a high-impact role for a purposeful communicator with exceptional writing skills—someone who can craft compelling narratives, drive cross-functional initiatives, and help inspire a global workforce. Reporting to the Vice President, Global Head of Communications at Cloudflare, this role will be part of an award-winning communications team.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Strategic Stakeholder Partnership: </strong>Supports Cloudflare’s overall communications program, while working closely with key stakeholders, to streamline/curate strategic content and narratives that will be valuable for our internal audience. Collaborates with executives, HR, and functional teams to support programs and amplify messaging across departments and geographies. The role involves close partnership with the People &amp; Places Team and frequent interaction with its leadership team.</li>
	<li><strong>Guiding Teams Through Change</strong>: Develops and manages thoughtful communications plans that guide employees through periods of transformation, including reorganizations, acquisitions, new office/region announcements, and major launches/milestones.</li>
	<li><strong>Employee Engagement &amp; Editorial Excellence: </strong>Leads editorial planning and content creation across internal platforms—including the Wiki, email, video, chat channels, and team events. Spearheads the execution of corporate all-hands meetings and enhances company-wide communications to ensure it makes an impact with global audiences. Thoughtfully leads both long-term and real-time employee communication campaigns to keep teams informed, engaged, and aligned. Monitors employee engagement and tone for reactive and/or ad hoc communications opportunities across platforms.&nbsp;</li>
	<li><strong>Precision-Driven Planning</strong>: Brings meticulous attention to detail in building, managing, and maintaining clear, consistent internal communication plans and documentation.</li>
	<li><strong>Performance Measurement &amp; Optimization</strong>: Tracks and analyzes internal communication metrics and channels to evaluate effectiveness, uncover improvement opportunities, and optimize strategies for maximum impact.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>8+ years of experience in internal communications, preferably at a fast-paced global technology company. Bonus if it’s a public company!</li>
	<li>High level of project management acumen, especially leading major initiatives with C-Level executives and stakeholders across multiple teams.</li>
	<li>Experience scaling communications in global organizations.</li>
	<li>Strong storytelling instincts with fresh ideas to engage with impact.</li>
	<li>High emotional intelligence to help understand ways to support global teams.</li>
	<li>Creative, hardworking, and flexible professionalism—you are able to thrive in a fast-paced and changing environment and anticipate the next move before it happens.</li>
	<li>Demonstrate sound judgment and the ability to think quickly under pressure—while everyone is watching—confidently navigating urgent or sensitive situations with clarity, professionalism, and poise.</li>
	<li>A global and local approach—you have experience leading initiatives across international teams with a strong ability to tailor communications that resonate with region-specific audiences and cultural nuances.</li>
	<li>A curious attitude and a team player who thrives on raising the bar and building an iconic brand and company together.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>