<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>What we’re looking for:</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Senior RFP Manager. In this role, you will be responsible for managing the end-to-end proposal process for our SaaS solutions. Your excellent communication, project management, and strategic thinking skills will be key to driving the success of our sales efforts. This candidate can work globally to demanding deadlines across different time zones. If you are interested in building your career with a high-growth company, while being given the responsibility and challenge to have a real impact on our company’s success, then this is the opportunity for you.</p>
<p><strong>About the role:</strong></p>
<p>- Lead and manage the entire RFP process, ensuring adherence to timelines, quality standards, and customer requirements.<br>- Monitor the progress of the RFP response and communicates progress regularly and with clarity to the relevant stakeholders, ensuring that major issues are escalated and addressed<br>- Continuous interactions and improvements with cross-functional teams and subject matter experts on content generation and building/updating a content repository/library, includes creating and maintaining documentation for RFP processes<br>- Conduct thorough research and analysis of customer needs, competitor offerings, and market trends to tailor proposals that align with client requirements.<br>- Drive global best practices around proposal qualification and response process<br>- Write, edit, and proofread proposal content to ensure accuracy, clarity, and consistency, while also maintaining the brand voice and tone.<br>- Coordinate and facilitate proposal review meetings, engaging key stakeholders to obtain feedback and ensure alignment between various teams.<br>- Stay updated on industry best practices, proposal management techniques, and emerging trends to continuously improve the organization's proposal strategies and processes.<br>- Establish metrics and processes to improve business visibility and consistency of practices across geographies</p>
<p><br><strong>Qualifications</strong>:<br>- Bachelor's degree in business administration, marketing, or a related field (or equivalent experience).<br>- &nbsp;Work to time constraints while maintaining a high level of attention to detail; prioritizing tasks and setting expectations accordingly, especially under pressure<br>- Experience with the content management and automation capabilities of RFP software like RFPIO, Loopio, or similar<br>- Proven experience as a RFP manager, preferably in the SaaS industry.<br>- Must thrive on the excitement and challenge of being on a lean and busy team<br>- Strong project management skills<br>- Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with a keen attention to detail.<br>- Strategic thinker with the ability to understand client needs and translate them into compelling proposals.<br>- Familiarity with Salesforce<br>- Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams and build relationships with key stakeholders</p>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong></p>
<p>Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.</p>
<ul>
	<li>For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:149000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">149,000</span> - $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:183000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14589,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">183,000</span></li>
	<li>For New York City, Washington, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:178000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">178,000 </span>- $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:218000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14589,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">218,000</span></li>
	<li>For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:187000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">187,000</span> - $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:229000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14589,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">229,000</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Equity</strong></p>
<p>This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.&nbsp; Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!&nbsp; The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.</p>
<p><strong>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Medical/Rx Insurance</li>
	<li>Dental Insurance</li>
	<li>Vision Insurance</li>
	<li>Flexible Spending Accounts</li>
	<li>Commuter Spending Accounts</li>
	<li>Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits</li>
	<li>On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program</li>
	<li>Global Travel Medical Insurance</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Financial Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Short and Long Term Disability Insurance</li>
	<li>Life &amp; Accident Insurance</li>
	<li>401(k) Retirement Savings Plan</li>
	<li>Employee Stock Participation Plan</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Time Off</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave</li>
	<li>Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>