<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<p>Ensuring the privacy of personal information is core to Cloudflare’s mission to help build a better Internet, and we’re looking for an experienced privacy attorney to Cloudflare navigate the complicated challenges of processing personal data amid an ever-changing regulatory landscape. Our legal team helps the company deal with complex matters by anticipating complications and distractions, and guiding the company around those obstacles. Our new privacy counsel team member will help foster our unique corporate philosophy and approach, in which the security and privacy of our customers’ data are paramount. We are looking for an exceptionally talented, energetic and friendly privacy attorney to join our legal team based in Lisbon, Portugal. This position is not available for remote work. You must be based in, or willing to relocate to one of these locations. This role is ideal for someone who is a proactive self-starter and strategic thinker, who has a thirst for knowledge and continued growth, all while working as part of a great team. This position reports to Cloudflare’s Chief Privacy Officer. As part of the job, you will:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
	<li>Serve as a subject matter expert on global data protection laws, with an emphasis on the EU General Data Protection Regulation, and work collaboratively across multiple functions to advise on the impact of data protection laws or changes to such laws on Cloudflare’s business</li>
	<li>Conduct privacy impact assessments, help maintain records of processing activities, and help manage other internal privacy compliance programs and processes to ensure we meet our obligations under those programs</li>
	<li>Maintain playbooks and FAQ libraries for various teams to ensure they have the most current privacy guidance for communications with prospective and current customers</li>
	<li>Conduct privacy assessments of new and existing vendors and negotiate data processing addendums and similar contractual language under GDPR, CCPA, and other global privacy laws for vendor contracts.</li>
	<li>Respond to Data Subject Rights Requests and maintain playbooks and guidance for the Privacy and Trust &amp; Safety teams to use in responding to such requests</li>
	<li>Support the marketing and sales teams in their outreach to customers and prospective customers and advise on obligations under the ePrivacy Directive, US CAN-SPAM, and similar national anti-spam laws</li>
	<li>Assist product lawyers in evaluating the impact of privacy laws, regulatory guidance and enforcement actions, and other related guidelines on product features.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</p>
<ul>
	<li>Qualified lawyer with 3 to 5 years of PQE and relevant legal experience counseling a global company on international privacy and data protection issues, preferably with time in-house at a technology company with established privacy compliance protocols</li>
	<li>Expert knowledge of global privacy and data protection laws, regulations and compliance regimes at all levels, including familiarity with industry-specific regimes&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Solution-oriented business and legal counselor with a growth mindset and strong sense of humor</li>
	<li>Exceptional verbal and written communication, organization, leadership, and project management skills, including a strong desire and ability to make complex topics understandable for various audiences</li>
	<li>Demonstrated ability and strong desire to effectively advise, develop relationships, and work collaboratively with stakeholders across teams to establish effective solutions efficiently and in an amenable manner</li>
	<li>Experience prioritizing work and providing advice under deadlines</li>
	<li>Ability to draft documents, policies, messages and anything else in a very precise manner, while still being concise and digestible for non-lawyers</li>
	<li>Ability to interface easily with internal staff at all levels&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Technical expertise and an understanding of the way that the Internet, and companies like Cloudflare, operate is a plus</li>
	<li>Experience developing and presenting training to employees and managers is a plus</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>