<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Location: Singapore<br><br>Opportunity Overview</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare, a leader in cybersecurity and networking space, is driving rapid growth, expanding market share and disrupting the traditional tech landscape. To help us drive this growth, we are searching for an ambitious Senior Manager of Demand Generation for the Asia Pacific, Japan, and China (APJC) region. This role is designed for a visionary leader who thrives in a high-growth environment and is passionate about shaping the future of cybersecurity, driving innovation, and solving complex problems in networking.<br><br></p>
<p>As the Senior Manager of Demand Generation, you will be at the forefront of our programs to grow in the enterprise, through strategic, ROI-driven campaigns. You will lead a talented team, harnessing the power of digital and event-driven marketing to carve out new opportunities and redefine what’s possible in our industry.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<p>- Craft and execute an aggressive demand generation strategy that aligns with Cloudflare’s goals of market expansion in Cybersecurity, networking and developer markets, focusing on increasing the average deal size and optimizing the enterprise and mid-market mix.</p>
<p>- Lead and inspire a high-performing team, driving a culture of innovation, excellence, and continuous learning in a fast-paced, high-growth environment.</p>
<p>- Navigate the team through the rapidly evolving cybersecurity landscape, staying ahead of market trends and leveraging insights to drive strategic decisions.</p>
<p>- Utilize a data-driven approach to campaign management, employing ROI as the primary metric for success, ensuring that all initiatives are efficiently executed and optimized for maximum impact.</p>
<p>- Forge strong cross-functional collaborations, working closely with Sales, Product, Marketing Communications, and Customer Advocacy teams to create a cohesive and impactful go-to-market strategy.</p>
<p>- Champion the integration and execution of both online and offline marketing activities, creating a seamless and engaging customer journey from awareness to conversion.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Desired Skills and Experience:</strong></p>
<p>- A minimum of 10-15 years of experience in demand generation, with a significant portion in the technology sector, ideally within cybersecurity or networking.</p>
<p>- Proven leadership skills with the ability to motivate, inspire, and lead a team in a dynamic and competitive environment, driving significant market share gains and industry disruption.</p>
<p>- Exceptional strategic thinking, with a track record of increasing deal sizes and optimizing pipeline mix in the enterprise and mid-market segments through innovative demand generation strategies.</p>
<p>- Strong analytical capabilities, with a focus on using ROI as a success metric to guide decision-making and campaign optimization.</p>
<p>- Solid experience in designing and implementing integrated marketing campaigns that span digital channels and live events, with a keen eye for efficiency and effectiveness.</p>
<p>- Comprehensive knowledge of marketing automation tools (e.g., Marketo, Demand Base, Salesforce, Tableau, Google Analytics) and the ability to leverage cross-functional partnerships for amplified success.</p>
<p>- Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills, adept at navigating complex organizational dynamics and aligning diverse teams towards common goals.</p>
<p>- A Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Business, Economics, or related fields; a Master’s degree or MBA is highly preferred.<br><br></p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not just changing the game; we’re creating a whole new playbook. If you are driven by the prospect of making a tangible impact on the cybersecurity landscape, leading a team to groundbreaking success, and working for a company that’s at the forefront of technological innovation, we want to hear from you.</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>