<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is looking for an At-Scale Partner Marketing Lead, to own Cloudflare programs and tools that help our partners ramp and grow their business with Cloudflare. The individual will have a keen understanding of the partner journey, from recruiting and enablement to partner engagement, lead generation and recurring deal flow, along with demonstrated experience driving outcomes with best-practices tactics and tools for every stage along that journey.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a senior member of Cloudflare’s Partner Marketing team, you will manage scalable through-partner lead generation, including through-channel marketing automation and co-brandable assets, as well as partner-facing communications and new product and program launches. You will work closely with Channel Sales, Regional Field Marketing, Global Campaigns, Product Marketing and other teams to deliver measurable outcomes growing partner-sourced pipeline and enhanced partner and Cloudflare field productivity.</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own the partner communications program, including the partner newsletter, partner webinars and social media&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead Cloudflare’s at-scale channel lead generation, with responsibility for managing content, campaigns and the UX of our digital campaign center</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design quick-activation lead-generation program to support our fast-growing set of partners ramp their sales with Cloudflare</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage our Partner Advisory Council program globally, as we continue to expand both in-person and virtual sessions and other activities with our Tier 1 partners in all regions</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deliver a partner-facing new product launch program, working closely with our Enablement and Product Marketing organizations</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Must have 3+ years Partner Marketing experience with track record delivering measurable partner-sourced pipeline&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Required 7+ years of experience in B2B marketing (enterprise software, SaaS, Security, etc.)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Hands-on experience with through-channel marketing automation and partner portals</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep understanding of stages of partner-sourced lead nurture and measurement</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Effective communicator, understanding how to craft relevant, partner-facing messages across the various partner journey touchpoints</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to work closely with channel field sales and marketing as well as with partners, to prioritize program investments and to deliver strong business outcomes</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiar with various partner types, both channel and technology partners, and their respective routes to revenue&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Analytically inclined, exceptional organizational skills, with rigorous attention to detail</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work effectively, influence managing a wide set of stakeholders in a fast-paced and ever-changing environment with tight deadlines</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Comfortable reporting ROI and impact to senior management</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiar with Salesforce, Marketo or other CRM or marketing automation software</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Prior demand generation experience in a high growth company in the SaaS, security, or network space</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:139000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">139,000 </span>- $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:169000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14589,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">169,000.</span></span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">For New York City-based hires: Estimated annual salary of $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:142000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14845,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[0]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.9,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[1]*0.8,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">142,000</span> - $<span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:174000}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:14589,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#,##0&quot;,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;6&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;7&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;8&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:[{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;5&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:0}},{&quot;1&quot;:0,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;3&quot;:3},{&quot;1&quot;:1,&quot;2&quot;:0,&quot;4&quot;:1}]},&quot;9&quot;:1,&quot;10&quot;:1,&quot;14&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:3,&quot;3&quot;:1},&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;16&quot;:11}" data-sheets-formula="=if(if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;))=0,&quot;&quot;,if(R[-10]C[-2]=&quot;Hire&quot;,iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.1,-3),&quot;&quot;),iferror(round(R[0]C[-1]*1.2,-3),&quot;&quot;)))">174,000</span>x.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Equity</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</span></p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.&nbsp; Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!&nbsp; The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.</span></p>
<p><strong>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Medical/Rx Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Dental Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Vision Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Flexible Spending Accounts</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Commuter Spending Accounts</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Global Travel Medical Insurance</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Financial Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Short and Long Term Disability Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Life &amp; Accident Insurance</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">401(k) Retirement Savings Plan</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee Stock Participation Plan</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Time Off</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>