<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations</strong>: Remote US or Austin, Texas&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the role&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>The Principal, Cybersecurity Strategy role will establish and lead the development of strategy to enhance a global security program, ensure global regulatory compliance, and strengthen our enterprise security posture of today by identifying and recommending cutting-edge practices. This role is a thought leadership partner to security leaders, as well as our technology and business partners, who will work collaboratively on a forward leaning vision that drives impact in alignment with business objectives. You are comfortable in all forms of communications across various stakeholders, and able to influence and gain adoption to support success.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<p>This leader will support both building and alignment on execution to see the strategic plan come to life. The strategy will be a living document that continues to evolve and adapt to current cyber threats and the evolving business climate.&nbsp; Staying up on the latest industry trends, threats, emerging technologies and compliance will be a key part of this role.&nbsp; Working very closely within each pillar of security, this leader will need to be comfortable in all core security domains.&nbsp; Strategic focus to include not only the future vision, but how we manage operations and the target operating model for success today.&nbsp; A key aspect of success will be partnering with our transformation team to break down the strategy incrementally and support the building of roadmaps to deliver results aligned with overarching business strategy.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>8-10+ years of experience within the cybersecurity, IT risk management, business resiliency domain, with a minimum of 3 years developing strategy for global cybersecurity organizations</li>
	<li>Has experience in speaking at public forums and presenting at key industry events&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Highly skilled communicator and influencer with the ability to reflect and question positively and effectively&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Extensive industry knowledge with an eye towards the future</li>
	<li>Proven ability to forge and sustain effective partnerships internally and externally</li>
	<li>Proven ability to articulate a clear vision&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Experience understanding and interpreting how to comply with regulatory and global validation requirements for compliance&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Vast knowledge across all domains of security, with a keen focus on GRC, access, detection, resiliency and defensive AI</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>