<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h2><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Available Locations: Austin, TX, San Francisco, CA, London, UK, or Lisbon, Portugal</strong></span></h2>
<h2>About the department</h2>
<p>As a Product Manager at Cloudflare, you are responsible for building products that improve the way that the Internet works. Product Managers at Cloudflare sit at the intersection of software development, design, and business strategy. We shape high-level product goals but also get our hands dirty. On an average day, you might pitch a concept to senior leadership, create a launch plan with marketing, work with designers to conduct user research, prototype a new feature, iterate on a spec, analyze usage data, or pair with an engineer on implementation. We have ultimate responsibility for understanding our client needs, influencing business strategy, feature specification, and working with engineering to develop our software.</p>
<h2>About the role</h2>
<p>Threat Intelligence is vital to all of our security offerings. Securing our customers' applications and networks is core to what we do. As part of this, our security products need to be able to rely on high quality threat intelligence that can guarantee we are detecting threats early and with low false positives. As the Senior Director of Product for Threat Intelligence, you will be working with a wide range of cross functional teams supporting our largest customers to ensure we have both the tooling and the processes to detect and react to attacks. You will ultimately help define the strategy of our Threat Intelligence approach, managing a capable team of product managers and delivering great solutions to help Cloudflare move into the much broader security space.</p>
<h2>What you'll do</h2>
<p>In this role you will shape the Security Forensics solutions offered by Cloudflare, working closely with the development team, support teams and other functions across Cloudflare, to listen to customer problems and deliver solutions that satisfy customers needs. You will solve problems that have wide impact and significance, shaping the future of security on the Internet.</p>
<p>We operate with very small teams of highly motivated and experienced engineers and product professionals. This candidate will need to be able to understand the technology behind our products to help guide engineering decisions and prioritizations. A suitable candidate will have an exceptional understanding of engineering, customer management, or product, and a deep desire to learn. As this role is a management role, you will also be expected to hire and build a great team, and be able to report progress towards senior leadership and engage at an executive level across the company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience:</p>
<ul>
	<li>7+ years of experience in a management position (product) or substantial management experience in cross functional roles/entrepreneurship</li>
	<li>Customer facing experience, with large customer engagement with executive leadership</li>
	<li>The ability to work in a fast-moving and ever-changing environment</li>
	<li>Experience working alongside engineering, design, marketing teams etc. - engaging with senior cross functional leaders</li>
	<li>Exceptional people skills and empathy</li>
	<li>A high degree of attention to detail</li>
	<li>A deep understanding of technical subjects and the internet</li>
	<li>A deep understanding of cyber security topics, specifically in the Security Incident and Event management space</li>
	<li>A kind and generous attitude towards customers and co-workers alike</li>
</ul>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<p>You will:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
	<li>Take leadership. You will manage a team of product managers ensuring coverage and accountability for the myriad projects across the organization.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Work horizontally. Disparate groups like Engineering, Program Management, Finance, Revenue Operations, Business Intelligence and external vendors</li>
	<li>Span timescales. Short term deliverables like supporting product launches, medium term ones like migrating customers to new and better systems and longer term ones like implementations of net new solutions not available today</li>
	<li>Span domains. You need to simultaneously let other teams rely on the roadmaps you publish while being responsive to the interrupt-driven nature of the business. When shifts do occur, you need to proactively communicate with other teams to maintain trust.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Communicate and collaborate. Essential to the success of this program is the ability to listen, learn, synthesize and communicate outwards as well as influence through persuasion.</li>
	<li>Represent Cloudflare. Many of our largest customers want to speak to us about their concerns and our plans in the billing domain. You will spend time learning from them.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Provide and demand accountability. You are responsible for the delivery of your commitments and you will hold your peers and subordinates accountable for theirs.&nbsp;</li>
	<li>This is a self-directed role where you will be expected to own a product suite vision, direction</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>