<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h3><strong>About the Department</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Emerging Technologies &amp; Incubation (ETI) is where new and bold products are built and released within Cloudflare. Rather than being constrained by the structures which make Cloudflare a massively successful business, we are able to leverage them to deliver entirely new tools and products to our customers. Cloudflare’s edge and network make it possible to solve problems at massive scale and efficiency which would be impossible for almost any other organization.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About Cloudflare Area 1</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare Area 1, our mission is to protect people and companies from hackers.&nbsp; We do this by blocking phishing attacks -- which are the #1 cause of security breaches that lead to stolen customer data and serious financial damage to large companies.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our cloud-based cybersecurity solution is unique in the market because it preempts attacks before employees can even click on malicious emails. Major accounts in financial services, healthcare, consumer products, and other industries rely on Area 1 to protect their companies and their customers.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Role:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare Area 1 is looking for a Technical Success Manager that is eager to help protect a portfolio of our customers from all types of Phishing attacks. This individual must have the ability to earn the respect and trust of each customer through knowledge and understanding of service delivery and how this fits into our customer’s overall environment. A successful candidate must be action oriented, capable of independently solving technical problems and able to communicate clearly and effectively to both technical and business audiences</span></p>
<h3><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are a highly motivated self-starter who can think creatively, compassionate, strong communicator,&nbsp; manage customer expectations, and troubleshoot issues if they arise</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage the deployment &amp; implementation of Area 1 security as a service solution</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Engage early on to facilitate any technical need&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proactively anticipate customer needs and facilitate project success</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Act as the primary representative between our customers and Area 1</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Craft customer onboarding assets, adapt existing customer onboarding assets and work with product marketing/Product Management to refine existing and create new onboarding assets</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop models for resource planning and consumption as well as key performance metrics for project/program success</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Communicate effectively, organize and juggle priorities, solve problems and make decisions, build relationships and create successful accounts</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be the focal point for the accounts</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Maintain high customer renewal rates, identify growth and expansion opportunities within your accounts.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Drive customer advocacy - references and case studies</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with cross-functional teams. Work with Product Management, Support, and Engineering to translate Customer business needs and product feedback into new solutions</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>QUALIFICATIONS</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;&nbsp;</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of system integration within Security SaaS environments</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">A strong technical security background</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;&nbsp;</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong professional and technical writing skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;&nbsp;</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong communication skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;&nbsp;</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong customer engagement background and expertise</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>JOB ID #IR_158</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>