<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the department</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is looking for a Regional Director of Data Center Engineering to lead our APAC Region. This leadership role is part of the Infrastructure Operations organization that is responsible for building, scaling, and running Cloudflare’s data center and network infrastructure around the world.&nbsp; You will play a key role in ensuring the performance, availability, and security of Cloudflare’s network.&nbsp; In pursuit of the goal to “help build a better Internet,” Cloudflare operates one of the world’s largest and most important cloud networks. Spanning more than 270 cities across the globe, Cloudflare’s network is a key strategic asset and supports all customers and products.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The APAC region is a highly competitive market with tremendous potential for growth.&nbsp; Our ability to provide fast, reliable, and cost competitive network infrastructure in a very diverse regulatory and commercial landscape is critical to Cloudflare’s success.&nbsp; In this role, you will work directly with a globally-distributed team of engineering managers, network deployment engineers, data center engineers, and technical project managers to lead all infrastructure operations activities and initiatives in the APAC region.&nbsp; This role reports to the VP of Infrastructure Operations.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As an experienced engineering leader, you will set strategy, establish priorities, hire, and mentor a group of top technical talent, and implement systems and processes to develop a world-class global technical operations team.&nbsp; We are looking for an enthusiastic and hands-on leader who can rapidly learn, adapt, and apply previous learnings to enable fast and sustainable growth. As a Regional Director, you will be expected to solve hard problems under pressure, provide clear direction, and grow and mentor your team to ensure an energized, motivating, and inclusive work environment.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you will do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead a team of passionate, talented network and data center engineers who are building a network that touches billions of web requests each day.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Play an active role in deploying millions of dollars worth of network infrastructure assets.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensure that all projects and activities are staffed with the right personnel for the job with the necessary skills, experience, knowledge, and abilities.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Help improve the performance, availability, and security of our infrastructure and the services we provide.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be expected to work towards standardization, optimization, and automation of our processes and procedures while also establishing a culture of continuous improvement.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bring ideas and fresh perspectives along with leadership acumen to establish, scale, and sustain a highly engaged workforce and a best-in-class operations team.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Get the opportunity to shape product strategy and roll out new services to our customers.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Make sure our company hits our ambitious goals and have a direct impact on the overall success of our company.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">10+ years experience managing a global datacenter operations or network infrastructure team, preferably at a hyperscale or cloud company.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelor degree in Engineering or related field, MBA (preferred).</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid foundation in network engineering with strong competencies in layer 1, 2, and 3 as well as data center interconnection.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to plan, forecast, measure, and execute to meet commitments and stretch goals.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience managing engineers, engineering managers and leader of leaders.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exceptional at attracting, hiring, coaching, developing and retaining top talent.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Outstanding ability work independently in ambiguous and rapidly changing environments while exercising bias for action, optimism, and grit&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exceptional at working with a large number of cross functional stakeholders simultaneously.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid experience with prioritizing and advancing a large number of projects simultaneously.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to create and implement complex, cross-organization programs to drive efficient, scalable, cost-effective, and innovative operations.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience implementing tools, process, internal instrumentation, methodologies and resolving blockages.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in being a trusted and respected leader with a reputation for fairness, empathy, dependability and adherence to high ethical standards.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exceptional data-driven skills, including the use of KPIs to determine support effectiveness, efficiency, and performance.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with engineering, network, and commercial teams to drive projects forward and solve complex technical problems cross-functionally.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with on call rotations and incident management, lessons learned reviews, root cause analysis, and report writing.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Outstanding communication skills, organizational skills, and high standards.</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>