<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are seeking an </span><strong>IT Product Manager, GTM Technology</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to lead a variety of strategic system initiatives within Cloudflare. The </span><strong>IT Product Manager, GTM Technology</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> will serve as a “trusted advisor”, the strategic interface between Marketing, Sales and IT &amp; Enterprise Engineering with the focus on business technology strategy development, solutions discovery, product roadmap development, risk and service management. Working closely with our GTM leaders, individual marketing and sales stakeholders and cross-functional business partners, you will focus on implementing scalable processes and automation to help drive our productivity as well as the company’s growth.&nbsp; This role will also ensure user delight, long term adoption and value extraction from the tools &amp; systems enhancements that we build &amp; make available to our global marketing and sales teams. The candidate will partner with business &amp; IT leadership and other key stakeholders to identify and prioritize projects based on predefined criteria.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This is an individual contributor role that requires a deep understanding of end-to-end sales and marketing processes, logical and structured analytical skills, bias toward action, strong collaboration and communication skills.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Department:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s IT + Enterprise Engineering, Planning and Governance Team is a crucial pillar of the CIO Organization. It manages programs and initiatives across IT Infrastructure, Enterprise Systems, and Enterprise Engineering to enable Cloudflare internal teams to operate most efficiently. The team establishes end-to-end governance principles and frameworks, leads business partnering, drives program planning, execution and demand capacity management.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Operates as the main point of contact for the GTM (Market-to-Sell) teams, representing IT and Enterprise Engineering in promoting enterprise systems, services and capabilities.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Craft &amp; deliver the roadmap for Marketing and Sales technologies in collaboration with the business stakeholders and ensure that it aligns with the overall product and company vision.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Gather business requirements with the ability to translate to technical requirements across the systems landscape for the GTM key processes: Idea to Offering (ITO) and Market to Sell (MTS), etc.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Establish routine alignment/consultation meetings with business partners to understand needs and priorities while helping define the product vision in consideration with long term ROI using an E2E strategic mindset.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Track the technology market discovering and staying attuned to newly released GTM applications and/or new product capabilities that align with existing technology in Cloudflare’s GTM techstack.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bring a strong knowledge of Marketing and Sales technology capabilities to advise when existing system functionality can be leveraged vs. custom build options.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Responsible for the joint development and implementation of system solution portfolio and roadmaps.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Acts as the key liaison across all functional areas: Marketing Engineering, System Operations, cross-functional partners, IT and Enterprise Engineering, and external service and system partners. Esure solutions fit in the overall system architecture.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partners with the above stakeholders to identify multi-year system requirements and successfully navigate knowledge across technical and non-technical team members.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborates with the IT Planning and Governance team on the intake process and prioritization of projects across the company.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Actively manage risks, communicate project updates including timelines, risks, changes, and dependencies with Program Management teams.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge, and experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of previous Product Manager, Business Owner or Business Analyst experience specifically in the areas of marketing and sales systems or related environments.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with sales (SFDC) and marketing systems (Marketo), and integrations with customer relationship management tools (SFDC, Gainsight), and related systems.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with the customer journey and sales methodologies to help develop and/or execute sales and marketing technology programs, with experience around needs assessment and systems rollout.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent communication skills both written and verbal with an ability to work at all levels of the organization including </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">technical and non-technical audiences.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to understand complex product functionality, design and technical issues, in order to drive the right priorities, trade-offs, and resolutions.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Prior experience in Agile/sprint development workflows preferred.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Independent self-starter with history of accountability of project timeline and results.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Highly organized and able to juggle many tasks without losing sight of the highest priority items acting as program manager of multiple organizational interfaces and stakeholders.</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>