<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About Us</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers more than 10 trillion requests per month. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare have all web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Technology Pioneer and named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp; </span></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will lead the team of attorneys and contract managers responsible for supporting Cloudflare’s global sales and procurement efforts. The Commercial Transactions team is the largest function within Cloudflare’s overall Legal team and is responsible for drafting, reviewing, and negotiating complex commercial contracts with Cloudflare’s customers, business partners, and vendors around the world, while partnering closely with with our Sales, Security, Finance and other business teams and delivering practical and business-minded legal advice that balances market demands and Cloudflare’s interests.</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will manage groups of attorneys and contract managers in the Americas, EMEA and APJC and report to our Vice President, Head of Corporate Legal.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is for someone who is a proven and experienced leader in the commercial legal space, with deep expertise in leading complex, strategic transactions as well as a passion for creativity and innovation and leveraging technology to better scale a rapidly growing organization. We are looking for a leader who can support Cloudflare’s push to increase our our annual revenue from $1B to $5B. You must have a thirst for knowledge and continued growth and be intellectually curious, open-minded, adaptable, comfortable with ambiguity and risk, and excited by dynamic change.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">14+ years of experience, including substantial experience handling commercial transactions</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Significant experience managing attorneys or other legal professionals</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">J.D. degree and admitted to practice law in one or more US states</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Empathetic manager who is able to empower team members to achieve at a consistently high level while building trusted relationships</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience growing, scaling, and managing an international team, with attorneys and non-attorneys, to establish effective solutions efficiently and in an amenable manner</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Substantive experience in drafting and negotiating highly complex commercial agreements, including SaaS, licensing, consulting, joint development and reseller/distributor agreements&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong ability to assess risk tolerances by working closely with the business to dynamically balance risk against reward in Cloudflare’s various commercial arrangements</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Practical legal and business judgment, the ability to think critically, a willingness to give and receive constructive feedback, and the ability to manage multiple matters across a large team.&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to manage competing demands and deal with non-standard and often unstructured requests, at short notice</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid understanding of local and international privacy and data protection laws</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strategic thinker with a verifiable history of providing sound and practical advice</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to translate complex technical concepts into easy to grasp terms for non-techies</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to partner with internal stakeholders to deliver continuous improvement of Cloudflare’s legal processes, with an emphasis on efficiency and scalability</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>