<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p>Cloudflare is seeking a visionary Senior Director of Corporate Events, Programs, and Customer Advocacy to own the strategy, planning, and optimization of our global events and sponsorships, customer advocacy, and community programs. This role is critical in driving Cloudflare's market penetration and recognition as a cloud leader.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will work cross functionally with Product Marketing, Field Marketing, Partner Marketing, Brand Marketing, Sales and Customer Success to drive measurable ROI, brand awareness, pipeline acceleration, and meaningful engagement with customers. On a day-to-day basis, this senior leadership role will be responsible for leading the global events and customer advocacy teams, and executive programs and establishing the roadmap for creating a world-class events and customer advocacy function.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the Role:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Strategic Planning</strong>: Develop and implement integrated events and customer and community marketing strategies aligned with overall marketing and business objectives.</li>
	<li><strong>Event Management:</strong> Oversee the planning, coordination, and execution of all large company events and third party events, including large Cloudflare conferences, as well as industry conferences, such as RSA, Black Hat, Gartner, and others. Ensure seamless execution from concept to post-event analysis.</li>
	<li><strong>Customer Advocacy</strong>: Create and manage field marketing programs that support lead generation, customer acquisition, and sales enablement efforts. Collaborate closely with sales teams to align initiatives with regional sales goals.</li>
	<li><strong>Community Management:</strong> Develop and manage the broad community of Cloudflare customers, ranging from free and self-serve customers to the large corporate customers. This involves leading the activation and engagement across functions and communities to ensure our community is strong and active.</li>
	<li><strong>Cross-functional Collaboration: </strong>Work closely with other departments such as sales, product marketing, field marketing, and corporate communications to ensure alignment and integration of marketing initiatives.</li>
	<li><strong>Budget Management:</strong> Responsible for managing the events and field marketing budget effectively, ensuring resources are allocated wisely and achieving maximum ROI.</li>
	<li><strong>Vendor and Partner Management</strong>: Build and maintain relationships with event vendors, agencies, and strategic partners to enhance event execution and maximize sponsorship opportunities.</li>
	<li><strong>Metrics and Analytics</strong>: Establish KPIs and metrics to measure the effectiveness of events and field marketing programs. Analyze data to optimize strategies and demonstrate ROI to senior management.</li>
	<li><strong>Team Leadership</strong>: Lead and mentor a team of events and field marketing professionals, fostering a collaborative and results-driven culture. Provide guidance, support, and professional development opportunities to team members.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>About You:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Seasoned Functional Leader</strong>: Visionary people leader who will constantly grow the capability and maturity of Corporate Events and Customer functions to meet the needs of a fast-growing B2B SaaS business.&nbsp;</li>
	<li><strong>Experienced Events and Customer Strategist</strong>: Proven experience in event and community management with the ability to translate insights into actionable campaign plans. Experience in defining messaging strategy across the customer journey with technical and senior-level buyers.</li>
	<li><strong>Exceptional Communicator</strong>: Skilled at articulating complex ideas clearly and persuasively. Influential leader to get things done across functions and affect change across the organization.&nbsp;</li>
	<li><strong>Analytical &amp; results oriented</strong>: Ability to leverage data to optimize campaigns and drive strategic decisions. Hold yourself and teams accountable for performance.&nbsp;</li>
	<li><strong>Innovative:</strong> In-depth knowledge around campaign development best-practices, as well as a growth mindset that will help drive continuous improvement in the function. Ability to create inspirational new programs that align with business priorities and deliver results in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Over 15 years of marketing experience in B2B Enterprise SaaS, with at least 10 years in leadership roles focused on global events, executive programs, and community management. Experience in cybersecurity or B2B infrastructure is preferred, with clear attainment against targets for revenue and pipeline generation.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Deep understanding of event strategy and its application to branding, demand generation and ABM motions across segments.</li>
	<li>Proven track record of developing and executing successful marketing strategies and campaigns on a global scale and across languages.</li>
	<li>Bachelor's or master's degree in Marketing, Business, Communications, or related field.</li>
	<li>Willingness to travel internationally for collaboration with global teams and participation in key industry events.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>