<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations:&nbsp;</strong>Austin, TX | Lisbon, Portugal | London, United Kingdom&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>About the Role</strong></h4>
<p>Cloudflare is seeking a dynamic and experienced product manager to join our platform product team, overseeing marketing engineering and growth initiatives. You will be responsible for defining and executing the product roadmap for the platform capabilities that empower our marketing and growth teams. This high-impact role requires a strategic thinker with a strong technical acumen, a deep understanding of marketing technology and growth principles, and the ability to collaborate effectively with engineering, marketing, analytics, and other product teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Problems you may face:</p>
<ul>
	<li>How do we drive awareness, engagement, and retention throughout a customer’s Cloudflare journey and set them up for success faster?</li>
	<li>How can we deliver a best-in-class experience for site authors that balances their short-term needs for business impact with user experience and long-term performance, reliability, and scalability goals</li>
	<li>What’s the best way to balance competing priorities to optimize for impact, and what are the key KPIs to measure ongoing impact?</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Key Competencies</strong></h4>
<p>We are looking for someone who is curious, customer-centered, can learn quickly, think creatively, and work cross-functionally. Key responsibilities include:</p>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Business &amp; Product Vision and Strategy:</strong> Define and communicate the vision, strategic direction, and goals for the marketing engineering and growth initiatives.</li>
	<li><strong>Roadmap Prioritization:</strong> Develop and maintain a product roadmap that optimizes both short-term wins with long-term version with investments in platform capabilities and&nbsp; customer experience improvements.</li>
	<li><strong>Champion of the customer:</strong> Develop a deep understanding of the marketing technology landscape, growth best practices, and the needs and behaviors of Cloudflare's target users and customers.&nbsp;</li>
	<li><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration:</strong> Act as a central point of contact between various product, marketing, engineering, and analytics teams throughout the product lifecycle to successfully execute the roadmap and impact for customers.</li>
	<li><strong>Data-informed Decisions:</strong> Define key metrics, establish tracking mechanisms, and analyze product performance to identify areas for improvement.</li>
	<li><strong>First-class Execution:</strong> Gets things done and has a track record of driving excellence, impact, and managing complex projects end-to-end.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Bonus Points</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>Proven track record of successfully defining and launching impactful platform products and driving growth</li>
	<li>Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to interpret data and translate it into actionable insights.</li>
	<li>Data-fluency – There is no team of analysts at Cloudflare. Can you work directly with data yourself to build confidence in your views and can you use that same data to persuade others?&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Engineering fluency – While it’s not required, we tend to find success with candidates who have a technical background, formal or otherwise. You don’t need a CS degree but building credibility with our engineering teams is critical and so some history of technical acumen would be super helpful</li>
	<li>Exceptional communication – Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to influence and build consensus across diverse teams.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
	<li>At Cloudflare it’s pretty helpful to understand how the Internet really works at layers 2 through 7. If you don’t have this, be prepared to speak with mastery about another realm of similar complexity.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>