<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>Available Locations: Austin, TX; Lisbon, Portugal or London, UK</strong></h4>
<h4><strong>About the department</strong></h4>
<p>Cloudflare’s Billing Engineering team builds and maintains all the internal/external billing services related to customer onboarding, subscription management, payments, provisioning, usage processing/analytics and back office integrations with financial systems. This is a vital team central to every product launch, campaign or initiative Cloudflare undertakes. There are constantly multiple high profile initiatives going on, therefore the ability to context switch, communicate proactively and manage expectations is a key.</p>
<p>The Billing Team is a place where you will learn fast, interface with all other engineering product teams, work with empathetic and team driven engineers, solve hard challenges and celebrate wins. Introspection, project/incident retrospectives, team communication is central to our success.&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>About the Role</strong></h4>
<p>We are looking for experienced front-end engineers to join our FinTech Billing team; an energetic team focused engineer who is growth mindset oriented, able to drive their work from inception, requirements definition, technical specification phase, development, testing and go live. The ideal candidates will have experience working with large-scale applications and a deep knowledge of system designs. You must care deeply not only about the quality of your and the team's code, but also the customer experience and developer experience. We have growing front-end needs, so we’re looking for highly motivated individuals that are excited to join a team and work with product owners and other software engineers to build high impact user experiences for our customer facing functions.</p>
<p>We are also strong believers in dog-fooding our own products. From cache configuration to Cloudflare Access to Cloudflare Workers, these are all tools in our frontend engineer's tool belt.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Technologies we use include React, Redux, TypeScript, ES6, Remix, Vite, Webpack, Cypress, Go, git, Bitbucket, Teamcity and many more..</p>
<h4><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>BA/BS in Computer Science or equivalent</li>
	<li>Minimum of 5+ years experience building web applications</li>
	<li>Strong knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript</li>
	<li>Expertise with TypeScript</li>
	<li>Knowledge of both software engineering and systems engineering</li>
	<li>Deep understanding of internal workings of React.js applications</li>
	<li>Extensive knowledge of the JavaScript ecosystem</li>
	<li>Experience working with build pipelines, artifact management, error management</li>
	<li>Ability to work in cross-functional teams and collaborate effectively with product and design teams</li>
	<li>Strong analytical and debugging skills</li>
	<li>Unit/integration testing experience</li>
	<li>Experience working with and/or designing RESTful APIs</li>
	<li>Working knowledge of internationalization, localization, and/or accessibility</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>This role may require flexibility to be on-call outside of standard working hours to address technical issues as needed.</strong></p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>