<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h4><strong>About the department</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s IT Business Systems Team is a crucial pillar of the CIO Organization.&nbsp; It operates our enterprise systems end-to-end, providing process cohesiveness across the functional business areas.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is expanding its IT Enterprise Application group and searching for a dynamic, forward thinking Salesforce QA Engineer&nbsp; to join our team.&nbsp; The QA engineer will </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">provide quality assurance on all of our Salesforce apps solutions and implementations; </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">including Salesforce CPQ and Quote-to-Cash system.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> In addition, partner with the Salesforce Dev team to grow and scale our processes while keeping up to date on AppExchange solutions and industry practices for QA testing &amp; automation. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role will be a valued member of the IT Go To Market team within Enterprise Applications and as such help the team expand into testing automation through the expertise of trends and best practices within QA and a deep understanding of our testing processes. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span></p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design test processes and procedures&nbsp; to ensure the Salesforce solutions and implementations operate within the defined requirements.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Implement test plans, automation, and validation strategies.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Help develop and maintain automated test scripts to reduce repetitive manual testing.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">In depth functional testing – Must be able to evaluate functional stability to ensure business requirements are being met and are “fit-for-purpose” through end to end functional and automation testing.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with software developers and business analysts to resolve issues.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Clearly communicate any obstacles to raise awareness and avoid project impediments and overall project timeline disruption.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with Business Analysts and Developers on tasks related to the planning, testing and coordination of release activities.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Participate in the solution design/user story creation process through dissection of high-level requirements during team review sessions.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Required skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">3+ years of work experience in Quality Assurance roles with automation testing experience.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">QA Expert in the Salesforce.com platform.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">QA experience in Salesforce CPQ or any Quote to Cash system a plus</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with automation testing.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of testing integrations, end-to-end system processes.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent analytical and problem-solving abilities.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrated ability to think outside the box.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Interest in taking ownership on products and projects.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Flexibility to meet continuously changing priorities and challenges.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Needs to possess excellent communication and people skills.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to multi-task, meet deadlines and stay calm under pressure.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>