<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Salesforce CPQ Solution Architect</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>About the department</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s IT Business Systems Team is a crucial pillar of the CIO Organization.&nbsp; It operates our enterprise systems end-to-end, providing process cohesiveness across the functional business areas</span></p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a Salesforce CPQ Solution Architect you are expected to be an advanced professional in the systems &amp; process design and implementation space with strong sales business process knowledge and Salesforce CPQ/Steelbrick. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">The ideal candidate will work closely with Business Stakeholders, in developing robust, scalable and flexible solution architectures for various projects including designing prototypes, building proof of concepts, and preparing architecture roadmaps.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will also work with BSA,Configuration Engineers &amp; developers to review the functional specifications that meet those requirements, and serve as a subject matter expert to the developers building those functions. Based on a deep understanding of the business, best practices in Salesforce CPQ/Steelbrick you will also be responsible for solution designing, developing, and managing our Salesforce CPQ/Steelbrick system architecture and design</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This job requires an experienced analyst who can partner effectively with all levels of the organization, lead others, drive results, proactively identify and resolve problems, and make challenging decisions.&nbsp; You will also be responsible for recommending and instituting business analysis best practices, tools and methodology towards standardization of deliverables and procedures.They have a strong ability to identify and resolve underlying problems, evaluate different possibilities, make strategic decisions, and adjust their approach based on the outcomes. Solution Architects provide guidance and established procedures and actively promote changes throughout the organization</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role typically has a strong background in Salesforce and experience working with the Salesforce Quote-to-Order solutions, Salesforce Order management, Revenue Systems,Billing and Salesforce Guided selling. Additionally, the Salesforce Quote-to-Order Solution Architect should possess knowledge of various other Salesforce technologies and integration with 3rd party systems. Strong problem solving, collaboration, and communication skills are a must. A minimum of Salesforce CPQ Advanced Administrator and Salesforce CPQ Advanced Configurator Certifications are important to have.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design, prototype, build, document, and support solutions for the Salesforce CPQ/</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Steelbrick</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> application. Collaborating with business partners to help shape functional requirements of the CPQ</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead technical design sessions; create, estimate, and solution user stories; develop technical solution documentation aligned with the business objectives</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deliver as an individual contributor, but also able to lead a team of Consultants, Developers and/or BSA&nbsp;</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Coach and mentor junior resources; own responsibility for ongoing configuration and development of resources on Salesforce projects.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Make recommendations for improvements to systems and processes to make processes and workflows more efficient and automated</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Support architecture and own configuring best-in-class implementations of CPQ and Sales Cloud</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assisting with the elaboration of epics, themes, and features into user stories that are small enough, or granular enough, to be achieved in a single sprint</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Decisions on release dates and content</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Participating in daily scrum, as needed</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Participating in sprint planning meetings, reveals, and retrospectives – inspecting the product progress at the end of every sprint to accept or reject the work that has been done by the development team</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrate leadership and technical expertise by presenting custom solutions based on the Salesforce platform and ecosystem</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Performing hands-on technical design, solution architecture, prototyping, proof-of-concepts, and CPQ configuration tasks</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage Sales technology projects and related CPQ impacts: developing requirements, designing functional solutions and prototypes, &amp; testing. Ensure projects are completed with agreed upon scope, on time, within budget</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Create and maintain detailed technical documentation based on design specifications.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Use and recommend best practices while delivering scalable high quality solutions</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</span></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelor's degree (technical degree preferred)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of experience implementing, configuring and administering SaaS business systems for a software company, with at least 2 years of Salesforce CPQ experience(Steelbrick)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understanding of Quote-to-Cash process standard methodologies and underlying design patterns</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understanding of common product pricing methods and practices</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Functional understanding of business processes in a billing department (e.g. accounting close, A/R, dunning &amp; collections, etc.)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to configure Salesforce CPQ features (e.g. Product Bundles, Quote Templates, Product Rules, Price Rules, Approval Chains, etc.)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Hands on Experience in designing, coding, and implementing APEX code Triggers, Classes, Components, etc,</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Functional understanding of key Lead -to-Cash integration use cases and design patterns including: Product and Pricing,, Account/Address Validation, Tax Calculation, Provisioning/Fulfillment, ERP, Accounting/General Ledger, etc.</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proficient in the use of Salesforce Data Loader, Workbench and Excel to support data analysis &amp; quality initiatives</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Detail-oriented, organized, self-motivated, hard working, and a great team player with excellent interpersonal skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong presentation skills. Able to effectively present and defend a point of view to a variety of audiences</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent written and verbal communication skills required, including experience meeting with and presenting information to senior leadership</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Salesforce.com certifications (Administrator, Advanced Administrator, Salesforce CPQ Specialist)</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Passion for creating a frictionless end user experience</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving scenario</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong knowledge and understanding of the Salesforce.com platform, ecosystem and best-practices</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong Enterprise Architecture background would be favorable</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Highly beneficial to have any Salesforce product certifications prior to joining:&nbsp; Salesforce Certified Administrator, Salesforce Certified Advanced Administrator,&nbsp; Platform App Builder Salesforce Certified Sales Cloud Consultant, Salesforce Certified Service Cloud Consultant etc</span></li>
</ul>
<p><br><br><br></p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>