<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<h3>Location: London or Remote UK</h3>
<h3>What you'll do</h3>
<p>We are looking for an <strong>Engineering Manager</strong> to lead the <a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/zero-trust/products/browser-isolation/">Browser Isolation</a> team which complements Cloudflare’s Secure Web Gateway and Zero Trust Network Access solutions by executing active webpage content in a secure isolated browser. Our novel approach to remote browser isolation allows organizations to layer additional threat defense and data protection controls across browsing activities and insulate local devices from malware by running all browser code on Cloudflare's global network.</p>
<p>You will play a key role in shaping the product’s engineering strategy, working with other engineering teams, product management, and external stakeholders to implement&nbsp;<strong>customer-impacting features</strong> and meet the team’s ambitious goals of <strong>quality and velocity</strong>. You will work closely with your team to <strong>improve the code quality</strong> and to build solid, <strong>testable, </strong>and<strong> well-documented</strong> foundations.</p>
<p>As a manager in our team, you will be expected to&nbsp;<strong>lead</strong>, <strong>inspire</strong>, and <strong>foster a culture of diversity</strong>. You will communicate <strong>clearly</strong> and with <strong>empathy</strong>, and work towards building a <strong>cohesive and collaborative</strong> team. You will be expected to interact with our customers and internal stakeholders, to identify gaps and areas of improvements in our product and processes alike, and to work with your own stakeholders to transform those into <strong>innovative</strong>, <strong>actionable</strong>, and <strong>achievable</strong> <strong>solutions</strong>.</p>
<h3>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge, and experience:</h3>
<ul>
	<li>Experience leading a team of geographically distributed engineers, including hiring, coaching, and professional development</li>
	<li>Solid track record of building <strong>cohesive</strong> and <strong>collaborative</strong> teams</li>
	<li>Empathetic, proactive, and constructive <strong>communication skills</strong>, verbal and written</li>
	<li>Experience working with <strong>browser</strong> based (Chromium, WebKit) technologies</li>
	<li>Experience working with container orchestrators (Nomad, Kubernetes) and familiar with different container security technologies (gVisor, Firecracker)</li>
	<li>Programming experience in<strong> Rust, C++</strong>, or similar low level languages</li>
	<li>Programming experience in Go and/or Typescript is a plus, but not required</li>
	<li>A strong grasp of <strong>networking</strong> and <strong>HTTP</strong> protocols</li>
	<li>Experience working with networking&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Excellent technical leadership skills, driving for very <strong>high-quality</strong> and <strong>low-complexity</strong> code with thorough documentation</li>
	<li>Experience driving for <strong>easily-testable</strong> and <strong>thoroughly-tested code</strong></li>
	<li>A passion for fostering <strong>diversity</strong>, <strong>equity</strong>, and<strong> inclusion</strong></li>
	<li>A strong and tangible <strong>customer empathy</strong></li>
	<li>A good understanding of how the big-picture goals inform technical details</li>
	<li>A drive for implementing tools, documentations, processes, instrumentation, and metrics to enhance the team’s velocity and performance</li>
	<li>A knack for finding <strong>inspiring</strong> and <strong>innovative solutions</strong> to problems and blockages</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>