<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is hiring a Chief of Staff -Marketing Strategy &amp; Planning Director to drive key initiatives across our global Marketing team. As an experienced Marketing leader, you will report to the CMO and own large-scale, cross functional projects to operationalize key marketing initiatives across the organization. Your previous hands-on experience will help enable product marketing, demand generation, and corporate marketing to drive well-coordinated go-to-market motions across Cloudflare. This role is expected to frequently stand up new projects, own strategic cross organization initiatives, lead budget management, target setting, and reporting and analytics.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<p>You will work with Marketing leadership and other leaders across the company to drive the annual and quarterly planning process, weekly business reviews, and other go-to-market initiatives. You’ll be responsible for ensuring key performance indicators are accurately measured and communicated. Using a data-driven approach, you’ll run the strategic planning process, ensure that departmental goals are prioritized, investments are optimized, and that teams are well aligned to deliver results. Partnering closely with Sales Operations, you’ll also drive continuous GTM alignment, enabling our entire sales team from AEs to SEs to CSMs. You’ll also coordinate and manage department program spend and headcount budgets in close cooperation with finance business partners.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Identify areas of strategic importance and engage the right people and data to focus executive time and attention on rapid resolution of thorny strategic problems</li>
	<li>Design and execute initiatives that contribute to long-term operational excellence, ensuring key projects have clear milestones, success measures, and operational plans.</li>
	<li>Manage the program spend and headcount budget effectively by collaborating and taking inputs across the Marketing Leadership Team and delivering headcount or budget investment models.</li>
	<li>Coordinate, plan, and operate regular business performance reviews, strategic planning, budgets, program investments, and allocations across functional areas</li>
	<li>Own the quarterly goal setting process and foster alignment across the marketing functions and ensure progress and tracking towards goals.</li>
	<li>Lead projects that align to specific business challenges. This role is expected to frequently stand up new projects, own initiatives end-to-end in the short term, and then effectively hand off projects to other teams in the longer term as resources are aligned.</li>
	<li>Create strong cross-functional relationships with key business partners across the Marketing, Sales, Customer Success, Sales Operations, Product, and Finance organizations.</li>
	<li>You'll drive the annual strategic planning process for the team and help organize, track, and evaluate the impact of our strategies and initiatives over time.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Skills / Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>10-15+ years of experience in go-to-market function for a scaled, public Software/SaaS technology company; some prior experience in Marketing, such as product marketing / demand generation, and in a leadership role preferred</li>
	<li>Exceptionally strong program management skills</li>
	<li>Strong people development and leadership skills; able to manage multiple extended or virtual teams and influence across the organization</li>
	<li>Collaborative team player who also knows how to ‘get things done’</li>
	<li>Executive-level written and visual presentation skills</li>
	<li>Knowledgeable about how a broad marketing team operates: from Product Marketing to Growth Marketing to Partner Marketing to Marketing Operations.</li>
	<li>Domain and industry experience in SaaS, cloud, networking, and/or security</li>
	<li>Full-stack program management experience: able to dig in and figure out the details, yet roll it all up to an easy to understand team and executive level</li>
	<li>Ability to connect the dots between functions and processes in terms of broader business implications, including tactical, strategic, and enterprise dependencies, with an awareness of the up/downstream requirements</li>
	<li>Strong financial modeling capabilities and advanced/expert user of spreadsheets to manage and process large data sets</li>
	<li>Able to provide clear, concise, transparent, and insightful communication to the team, executives, and a diverse set of stakeholders.</li>
	<li>BS/BA degree in Marketing, Business, Finance, Engineering, or related field (MBA highly preferred)</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>