<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: </strong>Lisbon, Portugal or London, UK or Brussels, Belgium&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>Public Policy at Cloudflare</strong></h4>
<p>Cloudflare is one of the most dynamic and innovative companies operating on the Internet. At a time when policy and regulation are fundamentally changing the Internet and the way tech companies do business, we believe it is important to engage in discussions with governments to share Cloudflare’s unique approach.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Cloudflare’s Public Policy team works on complicated and rapidly evolving issues related to cybersecurity, privacy, intermediary liability, law enforcement access to data, and regulation of cloud services. It helps the company anticipate regulatory challenges, acts as an external advocate for Cloudflare, and creates opportunities to build relationships with external partners.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Because of the scope, complexity, and diversity of the company’s work, our Public Policy team members must be passionate, talented and able to work collaboratively across multi-functional teams, to carry the Cloudflare narrative and promote Cloudflare externally.</p>
<p>Part of carrying the Cloudflare narrative is explaining how we deal with a number of complicated and rapidly evolving Trust &amp; Safety-related issues (such as law enforcement access to data, content moderation, user privacy, and copyright abuse) while we try to keep the Internet secure and reliable for users globally. To do this, we’re looking for a new team member who can help foster and promote our corporate philosophy and approach to addressing Trust &amp; Safety-related issues, in which the security and privacy of our customers are paramount.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who can build and maintain relationships with a variety of stakeholders, and has a deep understanding of technology,Trust &amp; Safety processes, and regulatory constraints. This role is ideal for a skilled communicator who is proactive, energetic and organized. Above all else, you need to have a thirst for knowledge and continued growth, and enjoy being part of a great team.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will join our team in EMEA and report to the Head of Public Policy, EMEA. But you will play a key role in liaising between our teams globally, in particular between the Trust &amp; Safety, Policy and Legal teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As part of the job, you will:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
	<li>Effectively, proactively and creatively engage with law enforcement authorities and other external stakeholders (including trade associations, companies and civil society) across multiple jurisdictions in relation to our Trust &amp; Safety policies (such as how we deal with abuse, law enforcement or data access requests, and why)</li>
	<li>Build relationships with stakeholders to enable future conversations and cooperation on real-world solutions, enhancing their understanding and appreciation of Cloudflare’s practices</li>
	<li>Develop talking points, written and presentation materials that provide external audiences with clear explanations of Cloudflare’s practices across the different Trust &amp; Safety areas</li>
	<li>Help shape Cloudflare’s position on Trust &amp; Safety-related topics, in cooperation with Cloudflare’s Public Policy, Trust &amp; Safety and Legal teams and other colleagues, including in answer to requests for comment on proposed regulation</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>University degree in law or public policy, ideally including technology-related courses</li>
	<li>10+ years of relevant experience in similar roles</li>
	<li>A solid understanding of, and affinity with, technology and Internet regulation&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Passionate about engaging on Trust &amp; Safety topics such as phishing, malware, botnets, child safety, copyright, intermediary liability, user privacy, and law enforcement access to customer data</li>
	<li>Solid analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving skills and a desire and commitment to “roll-up your sleeves.”&nbsp;</li>
	<li>Language skills including fluency in English (written and oral), with additional German and/or French being an advantage</li>
	<li>Strong written and oral communication and interpersonal skills and a proven track-record of outreach to different audiences</li>
	<li>Demonstrated ability to work independently and as part of a team in establishing and meeting appropriate deadlines, with the capability of identifying and collaboratively prioritizing conflicting demands in a fast-paced environment.</li>
	<li>Team player, and a sense of humor.</li>
	<li>Detail oriented, well organized and a sense of initiative.</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>