<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Locations Available: </strong>London, UK or Lisbon, Portugal</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<p>Our focus is getting the best people to work at Cloudflare and then allowing them to do their best work. We are looking for a passionate, detail-oriented, tech-savvy, motivated People Operations Specialist to join our People Ops&nbsp; team within our EMEA region. In this vital role, you will be the first point of contact for our employees, ensuring their journey is smooth, positive, and seamless. You won't just be managing data; you’ll be a champion of the employee experience resolving inquiries with empathy, optimizing our workflows through automation, and ensuring our people systems run like a well-oiled machine as we scale globally. Along the way you’ll have the opportunity to help with the implementation of automated solutions that transform how we manage our People data and programs. If this sounds exciting to you, and you’re ready to roll up your sleeves in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with a growing, global company, we’d love to hear from you.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Champion the Employee Lifecycle:</strong> Take ownership of end-to-end processes including onboarding, internal transfers, organisation changes/compensations changes and offboarding, generate/review and update accurate, country-specific employment letters using existing templates. Collaborate with subject matter experts (HR and Legal) ensuring any updated contracts&nbsp; and HR documentation are replaced and reuploaded for the EMEA region.&nbsp;</li>
	<li><strong>Architect of Process Documentation:</strong> Create, maintain, and regularly amend Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for all Ops-related processes. You will ensure our internal knowledge base is the "single source of truth" for the team, making complex workflows easy to follow.</li>
	<li><strong>HR-to-Payroll Ownership:</strong> Manage the preparation and submission of accurate payroll data. You will act as the trusted bridge between People and Payroll, ensuring data integrity across different geographies.</li>
	<li><strong>Systems Super-User:</strong> Maintain and optimize our tech stack. You will be responsible for ensuring clean, reliable data within Workday ensuring all changes are processed in a timely manner to adhere to the payroll/business cut- off&nbsp; and managing our recruitment-to-onboarding flow via Greenhouse.</li>
	<li><strong>Subject Matter Expertise:</strong> Act as the first line of support for employee inquiries (via Zendesk and other channels) adhering to the SLA’s. You’ll resolve issues related to benefits, payroll, and policy with high-quality service and discretion.</li>
	<li><strong>Drive Operational Excellence:</strong> Don’t just follow processes, improve them. You will identify opportunities for automation, reducing manual work and implementing scalable solutions that help the Pops team grow.</li>
	<li><strong>Data Integrity &amp; Compliance:</strong> Maintain 100% accuracy in employee records, contracts, and right-to-work documentation. Provide basic reporting to teams across the organization. You’ll perform regular audits to ensure we are compliant with global regulatory requirements.&nbsp;</li>
	<li><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration:</strong> Partner proactively with the wider People Team Legal, IT, and Finance to resolve complex cases and support strategic projects like annual compensation cycles and system implementations, and UAT testing as and when required.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What We’re Looking For</strong></h3>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Experience:</strong> 3+ years in People Operations or HR Administration, ideally within a high-growth tech environment.</li>
	<li><strong>Systems Proficiency:</strong> Hands-on experience with Workday or similar HRIS is essential. You should also be comfortable navigating Greenhouse (ATS) or similar and support tools like Zendesk.</li>
	<li><strong>Data Fluency:</strong> You are proficient using Excel/Google Sheets. You enjoy using formulas to analyze data and have a "process-oriented" approach to problem-solving.</li>
	<li><strong>Payroll Knowledge:</strong> Experience with the HR-to-Payroll pipeline and an understanding of how data flows from People systems to payroll.</li>
	<li><strong>Detail Obsessed:</strong> You have a measure twice, cut once mentality, especially when handling sensitive employee information and compliance documentation.</li>
	<li><strong>Adaptable &amp; Empathetic:</strong> You are highly adaptable and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. You possess the ability to manage shifting priorities efficiently, effortlessly pivoting between complex tasks, such as a data audit, and sensitive interpersonal situations, like an employee conversation.</li>
	<li><strong>Communication:</strong> Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to explain complex People processes in simple, user-friendly terms.</li>
</ul>
<p><br><br></p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>