<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations: Remote Mexico</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Department:</strong></p>
<p>The Partner team works hard to grow the Partner ecosystem around Cloudflare. Channel Account Managers, Partner Development teams, and Partner Solutions Engineers all support partner businesses as they grow and scale with Cloudflare. All working together help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create great Internet-enabled experiences.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role:</strong></p>
<p>This role is strategically focused on service delivery and operational excellence for Cloudflare’s Managed Service Providers (MSPs) and Distribution Partners. In this player/coach role, you will guide Channel partners through their Cloudflare journey with your strong leadership, technical, and business acumen as well as lead, mentor, and develop a team to deliver technical services coverage to MSP and Distribution partners. This role/team helps our partners build and scale different service offerings to ensure our end-customers receive an amazing Cloudflare experience.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll be pivotal in streamlining and ongoing satisfaction with Cloudflare services provided by channel partners. Your position involves high-level engagements and discussions with C-suite executives at partner organizations, focusing on post sales partner success. You'll be responsible for ensuring the smooth onboarding of new partners, providing ongoing post-sales support, and maintaining high partner satisfaction. Your technical knowledge of Cloudflare’s solution, industry expertise, familiarity with go to market models and ability to manage large cross-functional projects will allow you to act as a trusted advisor for your partners alongside Cloudflare’s Partner Success Managers, Channel &amp; Alliance Managers and Solutions Engineers.</p>
<p>To aid your team, you will work closely with every team at Cloudflare, from Sales and Product, through to Engineering and Customer Support. Your goal of partner and customer success should drive you through the entire organization as you seek out and advise your team on how to provide scalable technical services coverage for partner needs.</p>
<p>Reporting to the Head of Partner Services, you will own the performance and development of the team with accountability for Team Development, Operational Diligence, and partner with the Revenue organization to drive positive outcomes in developing technical partner practices.</p>
<p><strong>Specifically, we are looking for you to:</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li>Actively engage with MSPs and distribution partners, guiding them through their journey with Cloudflare, focusing on post-sales and onboarding processes.</li>
	<li>Develop and manage a tailored support framework for MSPs and distributor partners, ensuring they receive the assistance needed for efficient Cloudflare solution deployment and management.</li>
	<li>Oversee the creation of specialized resources and tools designed to enhance partner capabilities in service delivery and customer support.</li>
	<li>Utilize your strong communication skills and technical understanding to develop strong relationships with partners.</li>
	<li>Lead your team with clarity and empathy, creating a culture of innovation, safety, and creativity.</li>
	<li>Clearly articulate and implement your team’s vision and strategy, promoting collaboration and operational excellence.</li>
	<li>Oversee and report on various initiatives and projects, focusing on enhancing partner capabilities and development within the post-sales landscape.</li>
	<li>Concentrate on mentoring and developing your team, ensuring they possess both the functional and technical skills necessary for effective partner support.</li>
	<li>Champion the development of technical services practices for partners, collaborating with colleagues to create enriching partner experiences.</li>
	<li>Establish a continuous feedback loop with partners to identify areas for improvement in post-sales support, leading initiatives to enhance partner satisfaction and success.</li>
	<li>Ability to troubleshoot and resolve technical issues related to Cloudflare services.</li>
	<li>Strong grasp of networking concepts, including DNS, CDN, and web security.</li>
	<li>Understanding of cybersecurity principles and practices.</li>
	<li>Experience with API management and integration, essential for automating and customizing service platforms.</li>
	<li>Experience with cloud-native solutions, architectures, and services, especially those relevant to scalable and secure internet operations.</li>
</ul>
<p>We know that the ideal candidate may not have all of the above skills on Day 1 and we’re committed to developing and investing in the right person for the role.</p>
<h4><br><br></h4>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/path-forward/"><strong>Path Forward Partnership</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>