<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!&nbsp;</span></p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available Locations:</strong> Lisbon, Portugal&nbsp;</p>
<h4>About the department</h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare’s Engineering Team builds and runs the software that handles about 10% of HTTP requests on the Internet today. We also build and run the internal tools that builds and runs our software. The Engineering Team is split into two groups: one handles product development and the other handles operations. Product development covers both new features and functionality and scaling our existing software to meet the challenges of a massively growing customer base. The operations team handles one of the world’s largest networks with data centers in 102 cities worldwide.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re looking to grow our front-end product team with highly motivated individuals who are excited to work with product owners, designers, and systems engineers to build new and, in some cases, rebuild existing products and features. You should have experience working with large-scale JavaScript applications and a track record of building great products. You must care deeply not only about the quality of your and the team's code, but also the product functionality and user experience.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We believe that great design is at the heart of any successful product. You will work closely with our design/UX team and must be comfortable seeking feedback from non-technical sources. We work iteratively and deploy often (can be several times a day). We build and maintain the Cloudflare Dashboard, a large TypeScript / React application, maintain a suite of common components published on npm, and build/package with Webpack. Other technologies we use include Redux, Fela, GraphQL, Apollo, Jest, Enzyme, Cypress, D3 and more.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Minimum of 2 years experience building product</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong knowledge of HTML, CSS, and TypeScript</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong knowledge of React.js</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with JS frameworks and writing reusable/modular code</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Track record of building great interfaces and being detail oriented</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work in cross-functional teams</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mentoring other team members to help bring out their best work</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Willingness to dive deep and understand product internals</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent debugging skills</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Unit/integration testing experience</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity building products with design systems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience working alongside user researchers to build products</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proficient in interviewing engineering candidates</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">History of building products in complex systems</span></li>
	<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of the networking stack (such as DNS, firewalls, etc.)</span></li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>