<div class="content-intro">
	<div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
	<div>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
		<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
	</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Available location(s): </strong>Austin, TX&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>Internship program starts June 8th until Aug 28th</strong></h4>
<h4><strong>About Cloudflare's AskIT Teams</strong></h4>
<p>The IT Asset Management team is responsible for ensuring all Cloudflare employees have the hardware they need to work efficiently and securely. We manage the entire lifecycle of Cloudflare’s equipment, from procurement to disposal, and are committed to maintaining a high standard of operational excellence.</p>
<h4><strong>About the Internship Program</strong></h4>
<p>As a Hardware Asset Management Intern, you will be a key member of the IT Asset Management team supporting employee hardware operations for North America. You will primarily focus on completing a critical audit to ensure the integrity and compliance of our IT asset inventory, and automating our end-to-end processes. This role reports to the Sr Manager of IT Asset Management Optimization and Strategy, and works closely with the IT Service Desk, IT Operations Support team, and the Places &amp; Office team.</p>
<h4><strong>Role Responsibilities:</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>Lead the effort to clear up an asset logistics audit, primarily focused on reconciling inventory and ensuring accuracy for all IT hardware.</li>
	<li>Track and manage the lifecycle of IT equipment, from deployment and end-user assignment to retirement, ensuring accurate records in the asset management system.</li>
	<li>Assess the end-to-end flow and find areas to automate the processes between systems.</li>
	<li>By the end of your internship, the expected deliverable will be a new process flow that ensures a complete chain of custody of assets from point of order to point of retirement through our systems in an automated fashion.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></h4>
<ul>
	<li>Currently pursuing a degree or program in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a relevant technical field.</li>
	<li>Strong organizational and analytical skills with meticulous attention to detail for inventory management and auditing tasks.</li>
	<li>Basic knowledge of API integration frameworks and how to leverage AI coding tools in order to develop specifications for automated workflows.</li>
	<li>Excellent communication and customer service skills, with the ability to provide patient and effective support to employees.</li>
	<li>Ability to commit to a minimum 12-week summer internship.</li>
	<li>In the office at least 3 days a week in the Austin office.</li>
</ul>
<p>You can check out our&nbsp;<a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/tag/internship-experience/">internship blogs</a> to learn more about our program and hear directly from our past interns.</p>
<div class="content-conclusion">
	<p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
	<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
	<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
	<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p>
</div>